"The myth is that the ""gap"" is entirely based on the sex of the  person. "
"Maybe with some dogs, yeah. But wolves are vastly underrated. They're like lions of the dog world - absolutely powerful and massive. People confuse them for being smallish, the size of medium sized dogs. They're probably bigger than the biggest dog.

  You would almost definitely end up with a fucked up body at the end of a fight with some of the dogs."
"I think that dogs are more dangerous because they can both bite you and claw you and humans do not have the same abilities as them.  As you mentioned, they are also faster so that gives them another bonus against us.  Finally, dogs do not have the same moral conscience as we do so if a dog is attacking you and you are in a bad situation and cannot fight back, the dog will not acknowledge that and will keep attacking, leaving you with no chance of winning the fight."
Do you believe it is a victory to survive the dog fight but lose appendages to infection?
"A wolf has trained all its life to kill other things.

Have you? If you had to bite a wolf's throat out would you hesitate just a little bit? I'm going to go out on a limb and say that you will. 

You will hesitate and the dog won't. You will delay and the dog won't. The dog has 3.5 inch knives he can bring to the fight and you can't.  

Also, do you have any idea what to do if your neck is being attacked? Have you ever trained to go all out?

You would be at a significant disadvantage to a dog who wanted to kill you. "
"Wolves are ~100lbs, where as some of the largest domesticated dogs are 200+.

But, that being said, it's a 100lb dog that has been raised in either kill or be killed scenarios. Not a 200lb dog that likes your lap."
"I guess I'm in the minority with OP. At about 200 lbs, I've always figured that as long as I avoided panic and stayed aggressive, I could come out on top if faced with a hundred pound dog. Against 2 50lb dogs would probably be a lot harder. And a pack is a whole different story. Yea I know they have jaws, stamina, dense muscles...but they still have a throat and other weak spots. Punch hard, bite it's balls, fake throw a tennis ball..."
"I have trained German Shepherds for Schutzhund. 

I could go on and on about speed and ferocity. But the cliffs notes is that you would get wrecked. 

An example is when my friend put on the arm pad and I had my super gentle female 90lb GSD run him down with a 30 yard head start and throw him to the ground like a bitch. 

He was the starting middle line backer for our high school team and ended up playing in college. "
"You know OP, the only way to *really* change your view is to challenge your beliefs. I think you should go up against a wild dog and fight it. If you lose, then your view will successfully have been changed. :-)"
"3.5 inches or 2.5 inches doesn't really matter. Wolves have teeth and claws and have been designed to kill. 

We simply would be over-matched. "
"The world record wolf, killed in Alberta, was 230 lbs. That wolf is bigger than you if you are an average American man. It has daggers for teeth. It can run 40 mph. This makes Ray Lewis look like a baby back bitch. Still think you can fight it bare handed? "
"I guess it depends on where you are when attacked. If you are attacked in a building you might have huge advantages (locking doors, getting weapons,etc) or somewhere you can climb vertically (just keep kicking it as it tries to climb up or throw items down). On flat ground though without a good weapon the wolf would kill most people.  "
I would seriously fight a bear......the one that took out Leo in the Revenant......Id smash that mofo
"What's more flexible in wolves though, is their spine and neck. These guys easily lick their own buttholes. You get a good grip on its leg and think you have the upper ""hand"" but suddenly your fingers no longer exist and there goes basically any advantage you had."
"Sorry OP, your thread has been removed per submission rule E. Please reply to some top level comments and message the moderator mail to have your thread approved."
"Yes but in those cases, the animal decided it wasn't worth the effort to kill the survivor. Most wolves/bears/wild animals will run away from humans so long as they aren't totally surprised and feel cornered.

In the scenario OP put forth, a fight to the death between a wolf and a human would go very badly for OP."
"An airline offering muslim-free trips would instantly draw the attention of national news outlets. The news would shortly go international about 50 times faster than that Chinese detergent ad. Any muslim extremists interested in bombing or hijacking a plane would make one of those flights their next target, as it would be a direct affront to their religion. 

It wouldn't be too hard for a terrorist organization to recruit a muslim without a social media presence that makes their religion obvious, and have them pay for the flight with a credit card registered under a white-sounding name. 

Regardless of all of the issues associated with racism and intolerance, I also can't think of a better way for an airline to make themselves a target for an attack."
">It wouldn't be too hard for a terrorist organization to recruit a muslim without a social media presence that makes their religion obvious, and have them pay for the flight with a credit card registered under a white-sounding name.


For those kind of flights you would need more than just a credit card. The background checking would exhaust most possibilities. "
">it will encourage a part of the people you ban to join the terrorists.

Do people who want to bring guns with them for genuine reasons plan a terrorist attack because they won't let them? Only Islam has this problem. That's why I want to ban them. 

>only show weakness from democracies

The only weakness we have is that every time we have a terrorist attack we just condemn it, express your best wishes, and claim that not all Muslims are terrorists. Political correctness is what got us in this situation. "
"There are relatively simple ways around all of the provisions you're talking about. It doesn't matter what security you put in place, it can be bypassed relatively simply, especially by terrorist organizations dedicated solely to doing things just like that. Respond to the meat of my post. How is this airline not painting a bright red bullseye on their planes? And more importantly, how would anyone feel safer taking these flights knowing that there is no airline muslim terrorists are more dedicated to terrorizing than the one you're flying with?"
"> every time we have a terrorist attack we just condemn it.

Where did you get that idea? Both the US and Europe passed rather privacy invasive anti terrorism legislation. It's just that combatting terrorism effectively is hard. It's especially hard because of ethical objections. But let's not pretend that objecting to terrorism or religious discrimination is political correctness. "
"Banning guns and explosives doesn't make a statement about any particular religion or ethnicity. The only people who could possibly be so offended as to specifically target an airport for doing so are the most insane of gun nuts.

Also, banning guns and explosives is federal policy affecting all airports, airlines, flights, and customers, so targeting specific airports or flights in retaliation wouldn't make any sense anyway. Whereas your solution would make for a very obvious target."
"The terrorist attacks of 9/11 were attacks done by a small enemy who evaluated the weaknesses of a much stronger opponent and found a vulnerability to exploit.  This involved years of planning, training and execution.  It's overly simplistic to think that our vulnerability lies in a repeat attack.  We've effectively closed that door.  

Our greatest vulnerability lies, like it was on 9/11, with something we can't predict and a weakness we are unaware of.  Banning Muslims from flights only increases the strength of extremest propaganda and the number of enemies they can recruit.  Your idea would result in a world full of more terrorism and violence not less an ultimately making us all less safe.  "
">Our greatest vulnerability lies, like it was on 9/11, with something we can't predict and a weakness we are unaware of. 

Correct, but there are measures, like banning guns from luggage, that help, even if they are not perfect. Banning Muslims is the same. 

>Banning Muslims from flights only increases the strength of extremest propaganda and the number of enemies they can recruit. 

More reasons to ban Muslims. Sorry, but the problem is them being terrorists, not us defending ourselves from potential terrorists. 

>Your idea would result in a world full of more terrorism and violence not less an ultimately making us all less safe.

The solution is to weaken terrorists organizations, not stop defending ourselves from them. "
"Not really. Since in Muslim flights they would kill mostly Muslims, it would help since these segregated flights help cool off the tensions between the religions and cultures. If a 100 Europeans die, Europeans would be angrier at Muslims than if a 100 Muslims die. 

Sometimes separations are the right thing. Chehzs and Slovaks are in a good relationship since Czechoslovakia got divided. 

"
"In Islam it's a greater sin to kill fellow believers than ""infidels"".  By having segregated flights you would be providing terrorists with ideal targets. "
"Why not ban MEN from airplanes?  Why not ban Military aged people from airplanes?  If we are going to ban people from flight based on demographics why not use these two since they are better predictors of violence than religion?  They are also much easier to check and verify.

Restrict flight to only white women, this would make them very safe.  What could go wrong with that?"
">Why not ban MEN from airplanes? Why not ban Military aged people from airplanes?

Muslims are the extremists, not men or military aged people. 

>f we are going to ban people from flight based on demographics why not use these two since they are better predictors of violence than religion? 

In this case religion is better.

>Restrict flight to only white women, this would make them very safe. What could go wrong with that?

If they want to..."
"That is correct but if we compare the terrorist on planes then religion is an even better indicator. I guess you could make a female-only flight, and it might have some effect on security, but it's not really the point of the CMV. Your job is not to have better alternatives in term of discrimination, it's to discredit my idea. "
"> Muslims are the extremists, not men or military aged people. 

So you have no problem labeling the 1.6 billion people that follow Islam as being extremists, but when it comes to labeling the 3 billion people that are male as violent...that's just a bridge to far?

Refusing service to men because of the remote possibility that they may become violent is stupid.  You agree it's stupid.  But when talking about the even more remote possibility that someone who's identifiable as Muslim may become violent....that's a real threat."
">So you have no problem labeling the 1.6 billion people that follow Islam as being extremists, but when it comes to labeling the 3 billion people that are male as violent...that's just a bridge to far?

For me yes but I guess if you wanted you could have a female-only flight. Statistically it would be safer than a male flight.

"
"There's a problem.

Public disorder, drug use, harmful soliciting went up and streetside price went down after NZ legalised it. The working girls in proper establishments get the protections and benefits, but you're accepting public sex, discarded condoms, faeces and general intimidating anti social behaviour by 6'5"" drag queens on random street corners.

Don't legalise street whoring and you'll be better off than fully legalising it."
">What if making prostitution legal encouraged more people to go choose that profession? That would be pretty bad, wouldn't it?

Only if you have some antiquated, negative views about sex and you feel like the government should force them on others.  "
"> 1)Prostitutes would be significantly less likely to marry and have kids and having kids is important for our society. Low birth rates and unstable marriages are bad for our society. Most men would not marry prostitutes.

By that rationale, we should also outlaw bars and alcohol because they also facilitate extra-marital sex.  How about also setting a curfew and a bed-time for everyone in America and getting rid of all the filth in music and on television?

It is not the business of the governments to try to outlaw things that don't facilitate marriage.  American adults get to choose what kind of sex life they wish to have with other wiling adults.  No one wants a church-government. 

>Prostitution is correlated with drug use and psychological problems.

Not legal prostitution.  We have seen a safe and effective model working in Nevada for generations. "
You know you can legalize prostitution and not legalize public sex right?
"The criminality surrounding prostitution is the problem. Having sex is good, wasting your money is okay, extortion and social problems are tolerable, but everything else surrounding it is terrible. Even the poster-children of 'legal' prostitution have serious issues with it.

Loads of things are banned because they are a net detriment. I could handle an AN-94 just fine, but Chucklefucksnotgiven across the road would accidentally shoot his kids and then pick a fight with the cops, and that is (more or less) why assault rifles are banned in Canada.

On an unrelated note, the AN-94 is a fascinating weapon. Look it up.

PS: The human trafficking thing is bogus."
"There is a difference between legal, and 'not illegal'. You should want prostitution to be not illegal. Legal implies that the state is allowing, or regulating it in some way. It's none of the state's business. Any justice system should be concerned with assault, theft, and fraud and making the victim whole. So long as none of these are the case, the state shouldn't be involved in any way."
"> > Only if you have some antiquated, negative views about sex and you feel like the government should force them on others. 

> Low birth rates and unstable marriages are bad for our society. 

Well, that's that then.
"
"I like having sex with men and I occasionally hook up with a guy; for free, of course. If I could charge men to have sex, I'd gladly do it. I'd have sex more often, and I'd make a lot more money than my day job. So from my perspective, prostitution is illegal because men expect their sex to be free. Allowing us to charge for sex would allow women to have a lot more financial power over men. Patriarchy won't allow that."
"> I think the majority of the country would rather do anything, including go hungry or commit other crimes, rather than become a prostitute.

that's definitely a bold statement to make. But I can't say I know how close or far to the truth that is.

I know we are talking in the context of females, but I imagine few males would object if it was between making a decent income (which, honeslty, is not realistic) of having sex or go to crime/hunger.

"
Is it legal to sell your own blood by the way?
"> What if making prostitution legal encouraged more people to go choose that profession? That would be pretty bad, wouldn't it?

~~Depends on your values.~~

I've said this further up:

The problem is that as long as demand exists, the supply will be created to match it, legal or not. Prostitution has existed for millennia. Would you rather have people coerced into sex slavery or a clean, self-regulated, and safe work environment for people who want to be there?"
"The issue I have with it, and what I think is at the root of a lot of societies aversion to it, is that incestuous relations are ripe for abuse and coercion to take place - even when the actors are legal adults.  Similar to how teacher/student relationships (while not always illegal) are largely prohibited because of the issue of power dynamics. 

Does that mean that there aren't any cases where incest would be healthy? No.  But I think that the risk of unhealthy, coercion and abuse in normalizing incest *generally* outweighs the gains - since it's not like you don't have other options for partners outside of your family. "
"Coerced sex is already a crime. If the parent tried to use their position to pressure their child into sex that would be illegal as that is not consensual sex under current legislation. It's the same as an employer saying ""if you want this job you have to have sex with me"" which is also illegal. In the example of the parent-child relationship, the child could testify that they were pressured into sex and therefore did not consent and the parent would go to prison.

In a separate instance where a parent and child chose to have consensual sex with each other, what gives a third party the right to say that, simply because one was a child of the other, that act was automatically not consensual? "
"So should it be illegal to have sex between two people where one is wealthier than the other.

Or ehh.. a man and a woman? Let's be honest. With 95% of being physically superior than 95% of women you have a power dynamic here."
"If you believe in moral relativism, rather than proscribed morality from religion, anything that a culture finds acceptable is moral and anything it finds unacceptable is immoral, and of course this is dynamic and changes with time. This means there is no universal morality, but there are a some actions that are considered immoral across most cultures, past and present. Murder, theft, and incest are the most frequent. I think this makes a case for incest to be considered immoral, and if legislation is based on morality (obviously up for debate whether it should be) then incest would be criminal."
"Sex leads to babies, babies created through incest have genetic and IQ problems. Bad for the entire human species. Dont know why anyone would be for it."
"Babies born to older mothers have significantly higher chances of defects.
Should we ban old mothers?

Edit: I've now made 3 posts seemingly defending incest, that is going to look creepy as fuck."
"Your comment on the Nazis is drawing a false moral equivalence between ideology fueled eugenics and not wanting more kids to be born with rare genetic disorders. I think that genetic testing and discouraging two people with recessive disorders from breeding would be a good thing, and not at all comparable to nazi beliefs if racial purity and superiority. 

That being said, if siblings wanted to have a baby, it should be required that they take blood samples to "
"My main concern would be that in some situations, the family could possibly groom a child towards incestuous relationships. If a parent conditions a child to believe that the parent is their future lover, is that healthy? Or that a child should be with their sibling. While you could outlaw this practise, it seems like something that'd be difficult to get at, and I'd rather have the incest banned in general than risk such situations from happening. 

That said, there's always prosecutorial discretion. If it seems obvious that two siblings have had sex and there's been no grooming or anything like that, a prosecutor could just choose not to press charges. A bit like how jaywalking is technically a crime in many places, but people are never charged with it unless they actually do something dangerous. "
fuck who you want to as long as they can consent.  
"A while ago, I had a good think about what was so wrong about incest.

It's instinctively gross to me, but then so is huge age gaps. But I wouldn't think about making huge age gaps illegal because the world doesn't revolve around what I like and dislike.

""FFS, not even in my own home!"" was my thought about incest. The thought that I could be up for grabs in my own family was what is off putting. Like my immediate family is where I could have relationships free of sexual interaction of any nature. Imagine what would happen if I had to reject my dad. What if my brother was raging about how women are denying him sex, including his sister?

"
"There is a famous experiment dealing with relations and human behaviors. If one blood cell in your body was dyed green, but had all the same functionality, it would eventually reproduce and become at least 50% of the bloodstream over many generations. Though statistically, it should reproduce at the same rate as all normal red cells, it still ends up dominating half the bloodstream.

The same goes for population growth, evolution, etc. Countries that legalize incest (I'll use Spain as an example) have among the highest rates of reported genetic mutations. We haven't had enough time to see it's full result. I'm talking about over 10000 generations at least. "
Ok but what about parent child relations where a child is raised to 18 and is there fore an adult but was raised to make sex with the parent ok and assumed through the 18 years of being raised and don't know that it isn't supposed to work like that its still incest but between consenting adults
"Heterosexual sex between a man and a smaller, weaker woman are also ripe for abuse and coercion."
"I think like most other morally heinous crimes, incestuous sex ""just once"" should be very very illegal."
"If cities fight over who gets the team yet they supposedly lose money from the deal, then something is off in the way they gathered the stats

If I had to guess what's not included:

 having a good team promotes growth and competition in the city, raising the value of real estate and attracting more wealthy people. This can include successful tech companies. Essentially stadiums are loss leaders like $5 Costco rotisserie chicken 

"
"Your original proposition that the team brings in enough revenue to make the investment worthwhile implies that the owners have the upper hand in negotiations.

Assuming you're correct about a given stadium / team deal with the city and that it's profitable for the city, then that profit can be held hostage."
"They just had a huge fight over it in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.  Hockey team wanted the city to cough up $500 million dollars to help build a new stadium, but the mayor told them to take a piss.  Province is in the middle of an economic downturn, making it a hot button issue in the the municipal election. "
"Historically, this has been the case.  It's unfortunate, but it's just the nature of politics, as well as human nature.  

However, I think that there is very little, if any, real hatred in politics.  The issue is that the social problems at hand are so complex and debatable, they are to sell with just objective data.  For any data set I give you in the affirmative, there are several that can refute it.  That leaves no other option but to push agendas by painting the 'other side' in a negative way.

That said, it is a problem when personal attacks become front and center in political discourse.  All we can do as a people is see through these games, and focus on the facts, difficult as it may be."
"This isn't a matter of ""disagreement"". 

People who explicitly attack your way of life and want to restrict how you live it literally *are* your enemies. There's no other way to view it. 

The difference today is that in the past people didn't hear these messages stated out in the open so widely as they do now.

Therefore we didn't realize how many of our neighbors actually *were* our enemies. In fact, I would say that this openness helps in the long run.

In absolute numbers, there really are fewer such people today than in the past, because people talk about it openly. Racism and sexism are, in the arrow of history, still declining over time. We just hear about it more now."
"The left doesn't outright deliver a list of banned words, you're right. 
I would argue that the left is primarily responsible determining what words are appropriate or inappropriate to say in society.  For example, I have seen the left heavily attack people that use whatever language is deemed to be inappropriate, or even further, they heavily attack people that don't use the language deemed to be correct. 

Transgender pronouns are the best example I can think of regarding this."
"Yea I read and askreddit post a while back where a foreigner asked Americans why we use the phrases The War on x or
 The battle over x so loosely. Apparently crazy foreigners only use those terms for actual violent things and not to describe domestic policy squabbles!"
"Would you consider a thief an enemy? Or someone who extorts you for money? These people are extorters, and if you don't comply they'll send their goons to kidnap you.

And worse of all, they kill innocent people around the world on our behalf.

Of course they're our enemies."
"The modern fight is not between Liberals and Conservatives but between both of them and Post-Modernists, imho.  It'd help, at least, to understand where the battle-lines are drawn."
Just go check T_D out. You really expect me to play nice with these people? They'd hang me if they had their way. 
"I don't know anything about you, and I am not a conservative, but I believe you're being hyperbolic.  What would they dislike about you so much?

Edit: Looked through your post history, and I'm assuming you're trans.  While I believe that they would be not friendly to you on the whole, I also think that they wouldn't try to hang you, nor would they deny you humanity.  But then again, I'm just guessing."
"Religion is protected by the first amendment in the same way that gun ownership is protected by the second.

>Taxing religious institutions doesn't infringe on my right to practice religion any more than taxing the sale of firearms infringes on my right to own a gun.

This analogy is inaccurate. A better analogy would be that taxing the operation costs of religious institutions would be similar to taxing the ownership of a firearm on an annual basis, so as to disincentivize ownership (or religious activity) by adding an additional layer of financial obligation."
"I firmly disagree. A cost is a cost, it doesn't matter if it's up front or spread out, doesn't make a huge difference. In fact, it's easier for most people/organizations to pay a cost spread out over than all up front. Regardless, gun ownership does have a recurring cost in license renewal. 

The analogy doesn't need to be 100% the same, I see no significant differences. 

Another analogy that might suit you better is that in order to assemble in protest you need a permit, and in many places that comes with a non-refundable application fee. Here is an example of the government actively putting a paywall in-front of exercising a first amendment right."
"Well, this gets right into a fundamental question of philosophy:  Where do morals come from?  The historical answer, the one that -most-, but not all, Atheists refuse to acknowledge, is religion.  Western society is built from that pre-supposition.  Our founding fathers certainly didn't have better solutions.

Well, without morals, life is just a cruel game of thrones and power, about who can squeeze the most out of it before someone else backstabs them.  There's might still be moral people in such societies, but they usually end up with their heads on pikes to be shown off to their own daughters.

So where do morals come from?

Well.  The easy answer is still religion, and it seems to be the only answer that has any sort of popularity."
"Because in this case a persons beliefs can actually lead to harm to a child. Think of it like this, if a persons religious beliefs involved throwing a knife at someone, would this be allowed? It is there religious belief and the knife may or may not actually harm the person. But it still wouldn't be allowed. In this case not vaccinating the kid could potentially harm them, even kill them and therefore the duty to vaccinate should supersede religious beliefs.

I'm not sure what you're trying to say in the second part of your comment, please clarify that."
"We do this for my daughter. She was just pulled out of Pre-K because the Teacher doesn't believe in vaccines. The flu could kill my daughter because she is immuno-compromised. She gets her vaccines, but they are spread out, and her egg-allgery keeps her form getting certain vaccines, including the flu."
"No, because a requirement of negligent manslaughter is actual crime. The same way you might run a red light but only be culpable for manslaughter if you actually kill someone."
"Parents have a general legal duty to provide for the care and well-being of their minor children. While there may be some explicit positive duties listed in a state's Constitution, statutes, or common law, there is no exhaustive list."
"Weird the religious right is so worried about my right to marry my partner,  or should I say, making it so it isn't a right, but are super worried they can't murder their kids by letting them die to preventable disease. "
"Imagine being Amish and being forced to go to a city and entering a place you believe to be absolutely evil. Then you watch someone you despise stab your child with a needle and inject pure evil inside of them. 

 And if you don't do that and your kids get sick, they will come with guns and arrest you and put you in a cage potentially for the rest of your life. Anyone who resists will be killed. "
"What about parents who allow their kids to drive a car? Those are deadly. How about parents that allow their kid to drive a car that is a classic and doesnt have airbags? How about families that live in a house grandfathered into a previous fire code? What about parents that allow their kids to drink from a hose that contract meningitis? All those are examples of parents not taking preventative steps to protect their children.

You're effectively trying to legislate parenting strategies.

What if parents want to teach their kids to be communists? What if they want to teach their kids to hate Jews (not tell them to do anything, just teach them to be anti-semetic)?

At what point is the government allowed to force you to raise your kids the way they want you to?"
If an antivaxxer's kid dies at the age of five from polio that is entirely the parents fault. However there is a certain price in blood we have to pay to live in a free society. The more control we hand over to the government to prevent an insignificant percentage of people from dieing just moves us closer to a police state. I think these people are killing their kids but I do not think we should put legislation in place to force government controlled vaccines on people. Government regulations aren't the solution to everything. In some areas regulations are absolutely needed but in most cases it wouldn't be a problem if we had a more educated population. We shouldn't solve issues with unneeded growth of governmental power if it can be solved through better means.
"You cannot prove a negative.  That someone died because of a lack of vaccination, because no vaccine has ever proven to be 100% effective.

Also, it's very rare that someone dies because of whatever the vaccine is supposed to prevent.   People die because of the effects of an illness which have a myriad of causes and effects.  For example, AIDS doesn't kill people directly.  It's the effects AIDS has that causes other failures of the human system.
"
if a healthy kid gets autism after getting vaccinated then the manufacturer should be charged with child abuse and fined upkeep and therapy of the child  for as long as the child needs it. 
I love how this thread instantly went into gun debates.
"Honestly, after reading a lot of the best rated comments as a response to your question, I still agree with your initial view. The bad aspects of cultural appropriation are when you misrepresent the culture in malicious ways that take away from the nature of that culture. However, that is most often done either in ignorance or hatred that's often fueled by racism. 

When you attempt to experience culture with genuine intent, I can't see any harm as long as you maintain an ability to take advice or criticisms from people of that culture in order to better experience their culture. Everything else is a societal/personal issue that just becomes more apparent while that person shares their view of another culture. "
It's only a problem when it's exploitative. Like white girls wearing bindis and then selling said bindis and then marketing them as Dharma Dots or Dots not Feathers. An insulting marketing of another culture that disrespects said culture to make money. Though this kind of naked exploitation is rarely tolerated on any serious scale so not really a usual concern. I agree that cultural ideas exchanged and flowing between people is not an issue. But exploitation does happen. I think the key problem is that we all spend too much time on the Internet which is notorious for magnifying insignificant outliers nitpicking minor complaints reflective of new problems in society. It seems that random tweens on Tumblr don't make the best communicators of critical post-colonial theory.
"The fact that this doesn't help in ALL cases isn't sufficient to not do this.  Obviously it won't end school shooting, but if it prevents some portion of cases it seems reasonable.  Same thing with gun control, the argument isn't that it will stop all violence, just some of the gun violence."
"Wouldn't they prefer a high score knowing everyone around the state/country/world will see their name and face beside it?

If we take their name+face away from news reports once the attacker is not a threat to the public anymore, then the fame/notoriety goes away. This won't stop copycats 100% but it will reduce the appeal if there's no recognition. "
"You're assuming that news outlets want there to be fewer mass shootings. The evidence suggests that this is not the case. Every time there is one, they get more viewers, and they also get to do a ""2 minutes hate"" against the gun culture that they hate."
"Not naming people isn't going address the underlying problems.  These people don't become mental because of the news, they have issues which are not being addressed by society.

News should stop calling them shooters.  Shooters are people who shoot for sport.  People who kill people are called murderers."
"I have an even better idea.  Keep reporting on the name of the scumbags, but also include their penis size in the reports."
Their names and kill counts are plastered on the 24 hour stations for days on end like it's a score card.
"They complain when black people riot, and tell them to find some other way to protest peacefully.  


They complain when black people block roads, and tell to find some other way to protest peacefully.  


When they find a way to protest peacefully, they still find a way to have a problem with it.  


it just leads me to believe that they want black people to just know their place and shut up, or protest in a way that isn't visible."
"The protests might have been about police brutality when it was Kaepernick and one other guy doing it, but this really blew up after Trump said the NFL should fire players that take a knee during the anthem. After that, a whole bunch of players started doing it, so that tells me it was more of a ""fuck Trump"" thing. Then you have instances like LeSean McCoy doing calisthenics during the anthem, the Ravens kneeling for the US anthem and then standing for ""god save the queen"" in the UK, and Marshawn Lynch sitting for the US anthem in Mexico, but standing for their national anthem \(cause Mexican cops totally aren't corrupt or brutal\).   


So yes please point out where those who are against the protests are missing how ""respectful"" it is  
"
Kneeling has fuck-all to do with decreased viewership and anyone who believes otherwise is a moron. People are watching less football because 3 hours of ads to watch an hour of game isn't competitive in the modern media market.
">protect people from getting beaten up, stabbed, raped, etc.

To be fair, prisons already do this. It's not as if prisons openly encourage rape like ""welp, hey, you're in prison now so anything goes."" 

I think much of the rhetoric you hear is probably a scare tactic/deterrent to make people *really* not want to go to prison/break laws. "
"It is part of the ""social"" narrative.  If you talk to ex-cons (there have been several AMAs over the years with  ex-cons) prison rape is relatively rare."
"It's an important point, though. Is prison rape a joke, an urban legend ... or is it a fact?

I don't know the answer ... though I expect prison experiences vary depending on where you sent."
"It seems to be but if you look at empirical data and facts and statistics, rape is more previewing in prisons but still very rare. "
"It's not as widespread as the people making those comments would have you believe.  My mother and I had both worked at detention centers and at least in those, there wasn't prison rape going on.  If a dude wanted to fuck he let it be known.  Packs of gay guys weren't roaming around raping dudes like in Shawshank Redemption.  "
"yeah prison rape definitley feels like something that's way more talked about in American culture/media as being a thing in prison. 

I'm sure many Americans won't believe me but it really isn't anywhere as much as a thing in British prisons as it is in American prisons, based on accounts from people who've been to prison in America and people who've been in British ones"
I can say that you can't give blood if you've ever spent more than 72hrs in prison
Yup. It’s called rape culture. 
"You do realize that rape isn't that common in prison right? Basically 99% of the time, the only men in prison having sex are men that want to be having sex.

The only people who expect others to be raped in prison are people who don't know what prison is like."
"Wikipedia articles cite percentages between 3.5 and 15% whereas the former is often considered too conservative so I'd say you have a point OP. 

However I urge you to consider the motive behind incarceration as it occurs in the US and many other countries now. As I see it there are 4 main motives:

1) Punishment

2) Rehabilitation

3) Deterrent

4) Protection of ""normal"" citizens.

I would argue that if you look at the outcome (high sentences, strong chance of actually getting worse in prison, sexual violence, overcrowding, etc.) you would conclude the obvious motive almost entirely number 4. If you rehabilitate in jail that's great and I suppose you'll be supported, but its clearly not the main driving force. So the question perhaps should be rephrased to *""what do we as a society want the result of incarceration to be?""*"
"Prison rape stories can also be used to scare people away from prison, because what is scarier than a large man beating your cheeks? The answer is nothing. "
"I was only concerned about who I had to fight, and it really didn't turn out bad, only a week in solitary."
I've been saying this for years. Having a dangerous prison environment definitely qualifies as a cruel or unusual punishment in my opinion. 
"You cannot rape the justice into a situation, only the vengeance. "
"I think all the animal behavior experts recognize that positive reinforcement works better than negative reinforcement amd recividism rates appear to mirror this so I'm gonna try and urge you to change your view to the following:

There is something profoundly wrong with a society that reasonably expects punitive measures such as fines, imprisonment, and torture to reduce crime and improve society."
I can only speak toward San Quentin and the stories my friends who work there tell me.  It is apparently a very well run facility insofar as next to nobody gets raped... it essentially doesn’t happen outside of people looking for protection and becoming a bitch. 
"Well, only technically. Most rapes in prison are not committed by people in prison for rape."
"And yet there are still twice as many reported as in the general population. An ACTUAL rape culture, but you've never heard a single feminist mention it."
"> such a common part of our social narrative 

When I was in law school, my Criminal Law professor asked the class how many of us thought that prison rape was morally wrong, or, in other words, how many of us believed prison rape should not be considered a natural consequence of criminal conviction.

In a class of +50, me and one other student were the only two hands raised. Current lawyers."
"I don't have hard data, but I have to think that prison rape has been around long enough, and is ubiquitous enough, that it's certainly not an ""American"" thing.
Prison culture has always been a might = right kind of thing, and rape is all about power."
"Private prisons are an anathema, especially those not allowing early release to maintain their profits.
Rape is widespread in prisons and it is a favourite weapon where gangs are prevalent.
You are correct in saying it is a double sentence."
"no one called it reasonable

but if you put a bunch of murderers and rapists in a box, you get a box of murder and rape"
These people are criminals and break the law.  Not from a “they don’t deserved to be raped” but from a “they are very likely to rape other people” perspective.  
"> hoping that they will redeem and repent is laughable  

Thing is that when you are given a long sentence, it's less about becoming a changed person and more about joining a community. The real issue with prisons is that they waste tax payer's money, and as you said, they don't rehabilitate those who need it. We need mercy not judgment. And mercy doesn't have to be all nice either - rather than let someone rot in prison for 40 years, just execute them. Put them out of their misery. But what can you do, crime is profitable."
New Reddit is better for porn subs. I click card view and get a scrolling page full of good pics.
"They're big on gun liberty which I think is overrated. I'm with you though as a Libertarian who used to vote Republican. They're pretty much a garbage party imo. They're ""lowering taxes"" are basically just megacorp handouts in the form of borrowing. I want conservative economic spending as a Libertarian. Both parties light lots of money on fire, but if I have to spend money, I'd rather it be for poor people and general safety nets rather than for wars and megacorps. Plus Dems are actually generally sane when it comes to social rights that actually don't cost anything."
"Gun Rights. As a libertarian, the 2nd Amendment and its protections are something you should be concerned with. Of the two major parties, the Republicans offer the most. The Democrats off ""nothing"" when it comes to Gun Rights, and honestly the stated goal is the outright ban of all private ownership of firearms. I believe that is something the Republicans offer (SCOTUS cases prove this).
"
"I really don’t see much of the Republican platform representing libertarian values. Gun rights for sure, probably some tax reform too, but other than that the Republican platform currently is more authoritarian than libertarian (not to say that the dem platform is any less authoritarian, though) "
"The Republican party has largely gotten rid of earmarks, one big component of pork-barrel spending. A lot of people think this is a good thing but in practice it has made the party much worse at governing. The reason is that to govern well you need to sometimes pass legislation that does good things but might have poor optics or otherwise expose a lawmaker to attack, either from the opposition party or from a primary challenger. Earmarks used to be the way to get reluctant lawmakers on board. Since they've been done away with there is nothing you can give someone in that situation and the only politically smart thing to do for legislators in swingy districts or with strong primary challengers is to say no to any such legislation. So tough bills just don't get passed anymore."
"The reason hardcore libertarians believe this is because without open borders allowing workers and consumers to cross where they want, unregulated capitalism fails."
"I would actually argue that the Republican Party today already caters much more towards libertarians than it does conservatives. The leftwing (not all democrats, but they're clearly moving quickly in that direction) is collectivist, so Republicans are ultimately going to allow you more room to have a say in policy. If progressivism wins...well, look at Europe. American-style individualism is a beautiful and rare thing. If you believe in freedom of association, the right to raise your children as you see fit, free speech, religious & cognitive freedom, gun ownership, and the ability for an individual to create his own destiny, the Republican Party is the better match for your values than the Democrats."
"I honestly think it's a difficult distinction to establish what specific are of value foreign correspondence with traditional libertarian guidelines.

I think the Trump Republican party is different from the traditional GOP and that is  more Centrist Republican Party.

obviously there are also very libertarian people like Rand Paul but that's not the norm in the GOP.

My main argument for the current Republican party is protecting Free Speech which is under serious attack. They are also pushing for Less government not more.

So perhaps that may be a strong enough reason to help you.

politics are crazy and I personally think the whole country was run by a uniparty for the last 50 years."
"A large reason as to why spiderbros are spiderbros is because a lot of them hang around where humans are and typically stay in just one spot where they chill and hunt for pray.

As far dragonflies, I am not so sure. AFAIK, they typically live in places with stagnant water, like a pond or a lake, so any place that's dry is out of their protection. Also, they buzz around from place to place, which can be annoying while you're just resting and watching a movie. So as to net benefit to humans, I think the dragonflies superiority to spiders is disputable, but as for abilities and beauty, I'd have to agree with you."
"well maybe it's just me, but I feel like there's been a shift away from the ""burn it with fire"" reddit of old."
"Definitely, chillness should be a variable. I'd very much like a spider that chills and keeps to its own in one place, than a spider skittering around hunting for prey and sometimes crawling on my face. That wouldn't be dope at all.

Like I said, dragonflies have less range. They live near stagnant waters and generally aren't indoors, so that means they benefit less humans compared to spiders, who can bunker down in a dry house. Also, dragonflies buzz around, which can disturb you much like a roaming spider when you're resting or being inactive. But a web spider entrenches itself in one place; you know it's there, you know it's deadly to bugs you don't like, and you know it's not going anywhere else and hence it ain't going to hurt you. "
"Make no mistake, the ""burn it with fire"" crowd still exist. I happen to be a card carrying member."
"I hate spiders, but I hate mosquitos, wasps and moths a lot more. I now have a spiderbro outside on my apartment balcony. It’s an orbweaver. So far (s)he’s caught a few moths and mosquitos and one wasp. I fucking hate wasps so I was really thrilled to see my bro being a bro. Sometimes I have to relocate my bro because its orbs get in the way and sometimes I do it to protect him from one of my roommates which hates spiders (yeah I know ʕ ͡° ʖ̯ ͡°ʔ). Initially my spiderbro was afraid of me, but nowadays we hang out together. Out of all of my roommates (s)he is for sure the chillest of the bunch and I feel that chillfactor should be a metric which should be taken into account when it comes to beneficial insectbro’s. "
"I'm dragonflies are way scarier than spiders, not in the ""that could kill me"" way, but in the, ""that thing looks gross and I'd rather not have it touch me pls"" way"
"I’m probably a little late to the party here but my admiration of spiders is a re-education campaign. Spiders are scary and are killed immediately by the nations brave boyfriends. Dragonflies, while adequately dope, aren’t subject to mass genocide because they don’t look icky. 

Having said that I have been encouraged to seek more information on dragonflies because the facts you stated have enticed my dopeness curiosity centers. "
"While I also thing dragonflies are fucking dope, the problem is you cannot really keep them at home. It would be very hard, and possibly cruel to the little beasties, since they need much space to fly and be happy, and hunt by aerial strikes.  


Spiderbros meanwhile are ambush predators, and can patiently wait in their designated spot for their prey.  


Spiders also eat a lot of bugs that a dragonfly cannot catch, like pillbugs, centipedes, roaches, etc. A dragonfly can only catch flying insects, or crawling insects if they are clearly in the open. It cannot crawl under the couch to grab a roach and drag it out for the kill.  


For maximum anti-pest coverage, you need a solid team of spider infantry at home, plus a cadre of dragonflies living outside to intercept hostiles."
">i could choose from a bunch of words but i randomly picked soy boy for this instance. thats as deep as it goes when I call someone it.

But does it happen randomly? That's what I don't believe. 

If I use an insult it's because I assume that it hurts the other or that I think it's something bad.

When I hear ""soy boy"" I don't feel hurt, all I feel is that this person must think that an attack on someone's masculinity hurts others as much as it would hurt them. "
"Cuck is a term used to describe a person who has a fetish where their spouse/SO has sexual interactions with another person. 
How does using this term with the definition mentioned represent insecurity?"
Or they are really secure but hang around insecure guys. The vernacular sticks with them and they use those terms without really thinking about. When I was a kid I'd call other kids faggots without really thinking about. So hypothetically a confident dude could call someone a cuck because he's used to hearing it and that's how his peers communicate. 
"I'd say this depends on how good you are at being bad.  Fraud can push you forward financially, but you're likely to crash and burn due to the law.  I feel like people are also less likely to purchase from a company that is legally immoral, but if you'd manage to succeed, you would make a large sum of money through fraudulent procedures."
"I think this is true. I think you’re right. Morality and ethics are restraints. People can better achieve their goals if they use a strictly rational strategy. For one instance, I’m surprised that so few women engage in sex work. There is a LOT of money in sex work. An average-looking woman can easily earn $50,000 per year untaxed. 

However, many people are unable to function without moral principles. Many women *could* engage in sex work, but most women have personal values which would cause them too much cognitive dissonance if they were to engage in sex work. 

Likewise, many people are mentally incapable of discarding their moral principles for money."
There is a psychopath gene that a lot of ceos have which is why they call it the CEO gene. It’s easy to become successful when you can’t feel empathy or emotion so you will have less qualms about how you get there.
"Well, skimming the skin off a jar of nipple discharge isn’t much better.

Oh god. Peppermint schnapps in chocolate milk / hot chocolate. How could I have forgotten.

If you haven’t yet, try some mulled red wine this winter. "
"While whipped cream may take longer to dissolve, it provides significant benefits even before it dissolved by bringing the temperature of the beverage down from “will burn your tongue” to “hot but drinkable”.  As evidence I present Starbucks hot lattes.  With whip, I can begin drinking immediately with minimal risk of burning, however without whip I will inevitably burn my tongue due to a lack of patience.  This instant drinkability allows you to consume the hot cocoa while it is still hot without burning yourself, therefore it is clearly superior.  In addition, using whipped cream from a can gives you the added opportunity to take a shot of straight whipped cream which is significantly more enjoyable than a couple of extra marshmallows, seeing as the marshmallows that one would use for hot cocoa are generally lower quality "
"What is the difference to you between “not allowing to be born” and “killing”?

If you make a choice that results in fewer lives, is that somehow *more ethical* than murder?"
">I call that suffering

Calling it suffering doesn't do much, unless it implies an action.  Would you murder a Pug with breathing problems?"
"And again, murder and not creating the suffering in the first place are two VERY different things."
">murder and not creating the suffering in the first place are two VERY different things.

You keep stating this, but I'm not sure why you believe it. Hope?

Why are they different, especially if you can ensure the animal is put down ""humanely"" (euthanization)...?"
"Agree 100%  seeing a dog who's eye pops out, only because people wanted a smaller, cuter breed is unaccaptable. Anyone who says otherwise in my eyes is a psychopath. "
Who’s going to allow them? The wives that “aren’t providing enough sex”?
Sure. It has to be an open understanding between the married couple that one partner requires a higher level of sex life than what the other is willing to provide.
"> fairly well documented adage that married men receive less frequent/exciting sex over the length of a marriage 

Source?

> the wife in question should be tasked with finding a suitable sexual replacement for her husband. 

Does she have to perform the finding or can she just allow it and let him do his thing?

Why can't the man be responsible for determining what he accepts in a relationship? If he isn't happy with the situation don't get married, or if already married get divorced."
"I agree with you except that you are leaving out the impact of divorce on a family. We want to be with our wives, but we also want to have the same sex we had with the girlfriend that became our wife. We would rather not have an open relationship, but still want the attention we used to receive."
"Married men can do whatever they like, they just have to live with the consequences. 

Same for married women, if, let's say, her husband has let himself go and she just doesn't fancy him any more for sex, but he's still useful for putting shelves up.

Wives do not 'allow' husbands to do things, and vice versa. Marriage is a partnership. If one side of that partnership is not happy with an aspect of it, they need to discuss it.

If one partner (wife or husband) wants to sleep with other people, and the other is ok with it then fine. 

But it must be agreed by both parties otherwise the 'harm' is simply transferred from one party to the other. I would argue it's easier for a man to not have sex than it is for a woman to cope with a cheating husband."
">Most married men I interact with.

Research indicates that on average, married couples have more sex than non-married couples of the same age and social circumstances.  "
"maybe men should keep up the level of emotional effort and seduction they ""advertised"" to their wives pre-marriage. a lot of my straight girl friends have complained about how the romance went out of the window as the relationship got more serious but their bfs/husbands continued to expect the same returns on diminishing ""investments"" as it were. they begin to feel entitled to what a lot of people view as an expression of care and affection. (p.s this is a potential problem with gay couples too, libido differences are common because of how people can be different.) 

also, why do you think a weird one-sided open relationship would be less bad for kids than a divorce? divorce is better for kids than a situation of potential inequality. "
But I'm only answering to you right now. Someone else posted a chart from a study on married sex life. It's pretty right on with how I am presenting it as far as frequency goes. I'm sure variety is a bit harder to document.
"Someone posted a study with a chart that shows frequency of married sex. It's not that great! The mean is 2-3 times per month. With extremes of 18% at ""Not At All"" to 6% at ""3-4 times/month""."
"I'm in my late 30's and have strong urges to have sex 2-3 times per week. Hell, give me an exciting 15 minutes at least a week! And I would rather not orgasm in favor of a longer session. I'm not fixated upon orgasm to be satisfied. In fact, I would rather go longer and please my wife/partner than ejaculate simply for the sake of doing so. It doesn't always happen that way, but it is the goal."
"I agree that there is another side to the story with men not fulfilling their partners needs. Some men will argue that this is in response to the diminishing sex life while others cannot make that argument. In my personal experience, I do find that I don't want to give as much emotionally when I'm not getting as much physically. As both are of equal importance to each person."
"> Most married men I interact with.
> 
> 

But do you interact with married women closely enough for *them* to spill their hearts out to you? Because I do. And I can immediately name 4 married couples in their 50s in which the wife desires sex way more than the husband and the wives complain to each other that their husbands have too low of sex drives and don't put out enough. "
"Do you think that you are more likely to achieve this acceptability by stressing that men are the sole beneficiaries of this change and the only reason it should be acceptable is because men want to have more sex, or if you frame it as any partners in a relationship should be able to strike up whatever compromise pleases them for their own reasons?"
I am a married woman who frequently has exciting sex with my husband after 15 years of marriage.  Am I 'enough married women'?  I am sure there are more out there.
"I'm using men because we generally want more sex than women, but it would be the partner with the higher sex drive not having their needs fulfilled. "
"Agreed HOWEVER I believe if that is what you desire, that should be discussed prior to marriage AND I feel that if you, as a guy, cannot fulfill your wife's needs, she should be allowed to fuck other guys.   


Or, here's a huge revelation.  How about you never get married and just keep dating?  Then you avoid all the problems completely.  

&#x200B;

Marriage is not a job, you don't need one to survive."
"> ...cannot fulfill your wife's needs, she should be allowed to fuck other guys.

You are correct in that if the roles were reversed the same opportunity should be allowed.

> How about you never get married and just keep dating?

If I could have predicted the future and found that my current kinky partner would deaden out into a faint shadow of her sexual self, I may have done just that."
"I did an internship my last semester at college with 0 connections, I barely worked at said internship (I built a webpage to an already existing site) - it stuffed my resume, it felt like a class that actually worked towards getting me a job later. I dig your passion, but there's other battles to fight. Everyone I knew that took on an internship did not put in 40hrs of free work towards said internship, everyone understands adults have bills to pay. You take on an internship like you take on a college class."
">You’re pushing them to consume what could be the most harmful substance in existence.  

That's a bit of an exaggeration. There's like a thousand things you can consume that will just immediately kill you. Alcohol is pretty tame by drug standards.  

Shit, I'd strongly contend that Mountain Dew is more dangerous than alcohol. "
"I was with you until you said it was the same as a mother hitting a child.  A child is physically and emotionally less capable of defending itself against an adult.  I don't believe that an alcoholic is less of an adult for struggling with alcohol addiction.  I agree that it is a total dick move to pressure anyone to do anything that they don't want to do, but I think that your phrasing and your analogies are so far off the mark that I can't agree with your assertions.  Alcohol is unhealthy and it is damaging but you are comparing pressuring someone to drink to directly participating in child abuse.  Those are obviously legally and morally different things in vastly different categories.  For this reason I think you are way off base."
"Honestly, I think there is a way to categorize it. But I think psychology as a field just isn't there. I think part of the problem is that the top people in that field are extremely ambitious when it comes to categorizing people. But they lack the fundamental knowledge necessary, and are in a sense, ""jumping the gun"". "
Are there drugs that are commonly used to treat depression and anxiety that have similar potential for abuse?
"Yeah I can see the harassment angle, but it just feels like it would be too infrequent to be a real issue."
I can imagine people probably wouldn't want to take a stinky sloppy dump and then open the door to someone of the opposite sex waiting to enter.
"Women's and men's multi-use bathrooms are separated for safety, it has nothing to do with women being offended at the concept of using a toilet a man has also used. A single use stall would never have that issue.

Women are concerned about having a man in the women's room because of the worry that a man can easily overpower them in an attack and especially in an enclosed room which is not nearly a concern for men due to strength differences."
"I had to go to the ER cause I thought I was having a heart attack. No insurance.  $10,000 for them to tell me it was acid reflux.  "
"Why are the needed cultural shifts you’ve identified the companies problems rather that the consumers own responsibility?

Why can’t the culture shift in ways to lessen peoples want for substance abuse? "
"When you create a new fat cell, your body keeps it for life. Therefore, it makes it even easier to gain weight after losing the weight from before (childhood in my case). So for people like me, who do work hard even just to maintain my weight after losing some, the question is... was it a choice for me as a kid to create all those new fat cells. Because I’m stuck with them now... they just lay there waiting to be inflated by any calorie I eat and don’t burn. It sucks man it’s a lot harder than people think. "
">I’ve met many overweight people who eat great and exercise all the time and are just heavier. People’s size and shape are not a direct reflection of their choices. 

How can you possibly actually think this? Where did the weight come from if not from excess eating? Are these overweight people you know creating matter out of nothing? It is completely impossible to become overweight without eating more calories than you burn"
I don't think we equate them.  One may cause the other.  I think an obsessive compulsive desire to overeat comes from the same place as obsessive compulsive use of drugs or alcohol. I don't think there is universal agreement on what  constitutes being elevated to the status of addiction. Is it merely chemical dependence?  What about counselors who treat sex addiction?  Craving is craving no matter what causes it. If it is not addiction it's still an obsessive compulsive craving. 
"Those are small, reasonable changes. Except for bathroom signs - do you want a third sign, and a third bathroom for non-binary people? In that case, sure. That would cost in infrastructure, however. However, if you're saying we should remove (male/female) bathrooms into just one gender neutral bathroom, that's already implemented in several countries for a long time (I personally disagree with it) or do you mean creating 83 more bathrooms for all genders? That's too much a waste of money. 

I was mostly talking of how people are advocating to change the medical system, how they can tell doctors what they identify as and doctors don't have the right to ask what their real sex or gender is. There are other systems, but I only recall this one at the moment :/

"
">Not to mention that sex and gender play a very important role in society. Sex, both for medical reasons and roles in society, and gender for a sense of identity. Something that's very important.

These are actually excellent reasons *in favor* of making a change to include non-binary genders. How are medical professionals supposed to treat things specific to non-binary people if they have no tools to catalogue or diagnose them? How is society supposed to understand and accept the identity of non-binary people if society doesn't even acknowledge that they have a different identity?"
"Doctors don't need to know your actual sex or gender, only what you identify as. Men and women as identities should be removed and society should accept everyone is non-binary. Bathrooms and transgendered people issue, it's dangerous and can be so easily misused. Several more. "
"Ah, but letting trans people use the bathrooms of the gender they identify with is wrong - because bathrooms are not gender segregated. They're *sex segregated*. And if this is ignored, then it's misused by human filth. I could name 6 incidents off the top of my head in which a male went into the female bathrooms, and stayed there for hours either jacking off or peeping. 4 of those involved kids. So, basically - fuck no. You could create a third, gender neutral bathroom for them. But keep bathrooms as they are - **sex segregated, not gender segregated.**"
"I would argue that doctors are some of the only people who do need to know your actual sex/gender and lifestyle choices.  Diseases can be sex specific and knowing if a person is on hormones or has had any surgeries is critical to care.  What if a person who identifies as a woman has testicles?  A doctor needs this information.  Heath care for the trans population is a huge issue right now and it looks like current care isn't adequate.  I haven't seen specific research on how this relates to non-binary, non transitioning, people but I would suspect that the stresses on non binary people could cause or worsen medical issues.  Changing a medical intake form is hardly changing the world and the quicker a doctor can gather correct and significant information on a patient the more likely the patient receives the best care."
">  I could name 6 incidents off the top of my head in which a male went into the female bathrooms, and stayed there for hours either jacking off or peeping. 4 of those involved kids. So, basically - fuck no.

How is that relevant to anything here? Are you claiming that's what trans people would do if we allow them to use whichever restroom they are comfortable with?"
His point is that doctors DO need to know your actual sex or gender? It's incredibly medically relevant.
"I'm saying that anyone can claim to be transgender and then easily enter the bathroom they want to for whatever reason, moron. Don't put words in my mouth. It's sad how you're literally saying harassment and pedophilia is fine because it's related to trans rights. "
"But gay men and lesbians can currently do those things in their respective bathrooms, so wouldn't it make more sense to have laws against loitering in bathrooms and doing those sorts of things rather than sex based segregation. Like, your entire argument seems predicated on the assumption that only heterosexual people exist."
Aaand... That's what I'm saying. We can't live in a gender less society when both gender and sex is important. 
" > Sex, both for medical reasons and roles in society, and gender for a sense of identity. Something that's very important.

I fail to see how sex is important to roles in society, nor how gender matters at all.

I can't debunk these unless you elaborate, and debunking them is crucial to changing your mind I feel."
"Could you elaborate on that? Let's say this:

>I could name 6 incidents off the top of my head in which a male went into the female bathrooms, and stayed there for hours either jacking off or peeping. 4 of those involved kids.

is the problem you want to prevent. To achieve this you want sex segregated bathrooms, because otherwise people could just 

>say "" I identify as a woman"" and waltz in anyway.

What is stopping those same people from saying

>I am a (biological) woman/ I am a trans man

and ""waltz in anyway"" into a sex segregated bathroom?
"
"Because once a biological woman has undergone sex change or transitioned, they are then a male. I feel like that's what you're thinking, a woman who has transitioned completely into a male saying ""I am biologically female"" - which is then wrong. They're still of an XX chromosomal type, but everything else biologically is male, including secondary sexual characteristics and a phallus.

In case you mean people in the middle of transitioning, then they should still be going to the bathroom of their original sex. "
"It's a legitimate question. In the 1970s it was considered ""abnormal"" to be gay and there were people who found it to be an imposition on them to say that gay people are normal as well and to consider it a legitimate possibility someone may have a same sex partner.

Your response is quite hostile, and you might be frustrated, but I really do not care whether or not you are a ""good person"". I simply am wondering if this is a particular position held regarding nonbinary people or a general position you have about accommodations made to minority groups in society."
Just so you know trans people =/= non-binary people. Non-binary people are those who don't identify with either gender and trans people are those who dont identify with their birth sex (and gender if you believe sex and gender are linked) so not sure why you're pushing this bathroom thing since it has nothing to do with your premise about non-binary people 
">In case you mean people in the middle of transitioning, then they should still be going to the bathroom of their original sex.

So what's stopping any man from saying ""I have a vagina"" (or ""I am in the middle of transitioning from female to male"") and waltz into the female bathroom to peep and jerk off?



"
"> Because once a biological woman has undergone sex change or transitioned, they are then a male.

This sentiment supports the concept of your sex/gender being based on your external physical attributes. It ignores that your brain is very much a physical component of your body, and it's there in the brain that people are Male or Female or SomethingElse.

There is no ""becoming a woman"" or ""becoming a man"". There are only techniques people use to make their outward appearance align with their internal sense of self so they don't feel a jarring reaction every time someone says they are something they are not.

I would strongly encourage you to educate yourself more on this issue, because you'll draw a lot of false conclusions if you don't understand the nature of how sex/gender really behaves scientifically as well as socially/culturally.
"
"And who can judge the act of spanking is correct or abuse in each case?

I mean, parents or teacher should not use spanking because of score on the test. neither on sports.
"
"Two unrelated points:

1.
Spanking has been studied at length and found to range from ineffective to actually harmful with regards to behavioral development. There's no reason to do it. I can source this if you'd like, but cursory research should make it clear.

2.
A child has no recourse to avoid violence from a physically stronger person they are entirely dependent on. The power imbalance is too great to ever justify violence, unless the parent is intellectally infallible and endlessly just."
"1. This is what I was addressing – research has failed to separate reasonable discipline from abuse in these instances, and so there hasn't been much research in terms of actually reasonable punishment. 

2. Of course shouldn't be used in situations that are unclear or could have multiple interpretations. "
"Also many of parents forbidden to using phones or playing outside to encourage study more when kids have bad score on the test.

Forbidden these stuff is relate on studies, spanking isn't. 

And, I'd like to point out that If you teach something in violent way, they also learning violence too.

If he/she met problem with others (especially lower grade student), he supposedly deal that with violence.many people overlook this concern,I don't know why.
"
"You were handwavey, ""just let parents choose"" except clearly that's not what you actually meant because I 100% guarantee there's punishments you wouldn't support. So why allow spanking? It's not abuse cause you say it's not abuse? "
"A swat over a clothed butt or a hard spank with a rod on a bare ass are BOTH designed to cause discomfort, and causing discomfort to teach the lesson that the behavior is not desired has been proven to be less effective than other means, counter-productive and even harmful in some cases. Using a known ineffective behavior out of a desire to simply cause discomfort to someone comes from a desire to mete out ""punishment"" rather than teach a lesson. If your desire is to simply punish your child rather than teach them the lesson of right and wrong or a more acceptable behavior, then that is abusive. The degree of abuse is irrelevant, it is still technically abuse."
"OK I get your point, but the point of teaching is, child learns what kinds of actions are better or worse by others.
Discipline does not help this in the first place.

Well,Sometimes the child has been told repeatedly but did not follow the rules.
It seems violence is necessary,but as much as child gone wrong, parents should be strict themselves. they can call a police if that was a intolerable crime, and it should be.

Another problem is, its very difficult to identify necessity for spanking in each case. abuser will claim that it was a teaching in court."
"Using punishment to change behavior is a form of abuse. Positive reinforcement instead of negative reinforcement has been proven to be far more effective. You spank, you abuse. Period. "
"If that discipline is directly encourages better behavior, its necessary. like,forbidden to use a phone while its overused.or, If child doesn't follow rules repeatedly, discipline is necessary.thats what I said in previous post. but If that was spanking, like I said it encourages child to use violence against others. 

Well, Its hard to imagine what kinds of crime is tolerable, but if that was apparently intolerable(like hurt someone for no reason), they should go to court."
The only time striking someone is not assault or abuse is when they consent to it
"Just so we are clear, if punishment is abuse then there should be no consequences for actions? "
"Creating a kill list for american citizens that circumvented due process is definitely wayyy up there, yea. Not a fan of summary execution of US citizens"
"I think he's referring to the CIA's Disposition Matrix (the semi-automated list of people who are supposed to be droned if the opportunity presents itself.) 

From what we know (from leaks, etc) the Disposition Matrix is largely comprised of known members of foreign terrorist organizations. But the tricky thing is that some of said terrorists are U.S. citizens, and droning them is technically the U.S. government executing one of its own citizens without trial. 

Anwar al-Awlaki is probably the most well-known American killed this way. Multiple intelligence agencies believe he was the operational leader of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, so you can kinda see why we did what we did, but... the guy was born in New Mexico, and thus as an American he had a constitutional right to due process which wasn't honored in his killing by drone strike."
"Fuck


Everyone's favorite person (including mine) just backed a dumb idea that's going to make it inconvenient and harder to participate"
"> can you provide examples of his violation of the constitution?

drone bombing 4 us citizens, one of which was the intended target, without going through the courts or allowing the person he killed the rights that a us citizen is owed.

Yes the target was a terrorist, you don't get to just kill us citizens."
"Emotional and physical abuse are cases of fault, which are excluded from this post's topic."
How do you judge what is considered emotional or physical abuse?
"Can you give a specific example or anecdote of what you are trying to avoid?  For me theres a pretty big gray area. What if a partner just stops wanting sex (and there aren’t underlying medical problems)? What if a partner cheats? That’s not technically abusive by many definitions? What if a partner takes a job that requires 80-90hrs per week of work and you never see them?  I guess in my perspective, someone who requests a divorce usually had something go pretty wrong in their relationship. This is why we let the legal system hash out all these things. I agree with your premise, but I would find it extremely hard to apply in the real world."
"Anyone who has even reportedly touched a level of confidentiality in relation to  abuse/rape (ie mandated reporters from universities, actual councilors, etc.) will tell you that the most important thing for someone who has made the first step in reporting abuse is to let them maintain control. If they dont want knowledge of their abuse splayed on the table divorce for whatever reason that is their business, not yours or the judge's or whoever."
"Iirc, affection deprivation is considered abuse, and cheating is a ground for fault divorce. So no problem here

>What if a partner takes a job that requires 80-90hrs per week of work and you never see them?

Then what, you are unhappy that they spend that time making money from which you benefit, so you would like to just go away but still benefit from that money, and force them to keep that workload despite it being also a part of the compromise going with the relationship? 

How is that fair?"
"Depends if taking that workload is due to the demands of the non-working partner. There has been cases where the partner who isn't working demands some standard of living, which requires the working partner to work that kind of workload. If it's ""I want a house with a pool, buy me a pool"" ""OK, but I will have to work more"" ""just buy me a pool"" *works to buy the pool* ""I never see you anymore, why don't you spend more time with me?"", in that case, where the abuse is can be discussed. Sure, it's one case, but all abuse cases are specific"
"The arduous legal process of going through a divorce is enough of a disincentive.

You've said elsewhere that for cause divorce is still ok.

So assume I accuse my spouse of abuse. But I can't prove it. Do you force me to stay in a potentially abusive relationship? Or do you assume all accusations of abuse are true, thus giving an incentive for people to accuse their spouses of abuse? There's no third option. Your system either favors spousal abusers over victims, or it gives an incentive to falsely claim spousal abuse. Which is it?"
">Iirc, affection deprivation is considered abuse, and cheating is a ground for fault divorce. 

You are sounding more and more like an incel.

Ok, so using your example - say I'm a workaholic and I stop paying attention to my wife. I'm not abusing her, I'm just too busy for sex. She wants affection, attention, and time. I refuse to give it to her, because I'm working 7 days a week, and when I come home from a 14 hr day I'm too tired to participate in family stuff.

If she decides to leave me, am I at fault? Is she?"
"Once again, I am not the abuse expert. Go take that with them."
"But you do recognize that your position hinges on the capacity for identification of abuse? 

Without your willingness to recognize how uninformed and untenable your position is because of this significant flaw, you don't appear to be willing to engage in good faith."
">So assume I accuse my spouse of abuse. But I can't prove it. Do you force me to stay in a potentially abusive relationship? Or do you assume all accusations of abuse are true, thus giving an incentive for people to accuse their spouses of abuse? There's no third option.

Yes there is, the one I am proposing : you can leave if you want. You are not entitled to the product of the work of the other. You just leave, and take what's yours, but nothing of what will be the others.

How hard is it to understand that I still propose that you can divorce anytime you want for whatever reason you want,  BUT that you only get to keep extracting money from the other if you can prove a very good reason to force them to ?"
"Most men wouldn't want to always have sex with a condom so it'd be useful to know.

Edit: Jeez, I thought it was quite clear I meant that men just prefer not to have to use a condom all the time, not that they think they should never have to use it as some people seem to be suggesting. If you're both clean and she's on birth control I don't see the problem."
"Wouldn't kill the mood for me. 

""By the way, I'm not on birth control""


*Well I guess this means she definitely, really, clearly wants to fuck*"
You should tell them your birth control status if you are trying to have raw sex without a condom.
It's only the murder of your unborn child!
"Fuck yea dude

I'm down with the fucking swirl."
"Intellect is the most important thing to me.  
Don't get me wrong, I like dem titties and dat ass, but they mean nothing if there is a void between her ears.  
Only problem I have is, most girls smart enough to be attractive to me are smart enough to avoid weird losers like me."
"> A fat chick wearing a shirt that says ""real women have curves"" is still a fat chick.

Importantly, there will be plenty of people of both genders telling that fat chick that her curves are beautiful and don't ever change etc. She will have far more success with the opposite gender than a similarly unattractive man. The fat chick will identify as a fat chick and be proud of it.

The marketing campaigns appeal to those people. The women who get sick of seeing skinny models, they see the ""real women have curves"" stuff and go ""fuck yeah, that's what I'm about"". They have positive feelings towards that brand and potentially boycott other brands."
"> She will have far more success with the opposite gender than a similarly unattractive man. 

but far, far, far, far less than a man who is aware of what women want physically and becomes that.

remember--for women, sex alone is rarely sufficient to feel ""successful"" with the opposite gender."
"Who said anything about a little dick?  And yes she was crazy as fuck, but that sex is better that way, just have an exit strategy."
"I threw that in figuring with all of your other ""faults"" it was another possibility. Lol. 

Seriously dude. It's not ""just because you're taller"". The fact that she is/was crazy =crazy good sex, but doesn't last forever. Fun, yeah, but they'll fuck shit up down the road. "
My point wasn't that woman only get criticized for being fat. It was just that woman don't care about dick size as much as men seem to think. 
"> A big dick and a nice set of muscles are factually good

Well....that's not what I hear all the ladies saying, quite the opposite actually, and frequently too not just in isolated circumstances.

I'm not sure what sort of ""male activities"" we supposedly have that are male exclusive and require big muscles (today).  And I'm also not sure what a big dick would functionally help to accomplish in any activity in any time period (ever).  Take a 20 foot long piss like in the movie Iceman with Donnie Yen?  "
"I heard plenty of women say bigger dick is better. More than Ive heard the opposite and in situations where I would believe them more than the ones that say it isnt that big of a deal. Ive heard women say things like they cant even feel it with some men that have a small penis. That kind of thing. 

Im sure it wouldnt take me very long to find instances of this around the web. But ive heard it in person and around the web, in the media. And no, Im not just talking about porn. 

im not saying that women prefer huge dick. Im saying that most women would prefer 6inches compared to 4inches because it feels better. Saying otherwise is being nice/dishonest.

Im honestly surprised you havent come across these sort of opinions, because my experience is a bit different."
"One night she got pissed at me and went into great detail about how her ex was hung like a porn star and he hit all the right spots that my dick just couldn't touch and how she fantasized about him when we had sex etc etc. At that time I was very inexperienced and I was very insecure about myself sexually, so this did a number on me. I was totally devastated, she had confirmed every fear and insecurity I had about myself. "
Ask me if I was gay repeatedly during sex. 
"""It's hard to fit into my mouth yet my ex-boyfriend was bigger."" While giving a blowjob...a toothy-one...even though she bragged giving good head...awkward."
"Fuck, you're hilarious, but you're also a dick. 

But don't worry, I've learned from my early mistakes, I know my limits. There is no ""Should have done"" though, hindsight doesn't roll in the real world. 

Young me was a twat, older me, less so. "
"Well, username def checks the fuck out."
"Not just questions, if you just told me twenty minutes ago that you don't like a specific actor, if you tell me again in the same conversation I'm just gonna get pissed off. Yeah, you made your point, can we move the fuck on?"
"What everyone else has already said, stated playfully it plays with the power dynamics of sex.

There is also a lesser but related implication where it plays into ""forbidden"" sexuality. "
"if someone I was having sex with called me daddy, I would think they are into some incest shit. No I don't want to be called that, and yes I would be disgusted. lol"
**Check your seat for blood.**
"Speakers, specifcally Martin logan motion esl
And the system to run them.  All in im lokkong around $5000.

Also im in the middle of building a rifle. After havong to sell my firearms a couple years back to make ends meet i want to start shooting again at my local range. "
"Disney vacations. Retirement. New appliances.

Teenaged me would be horrified at all three of these, but fuck him he was a dick."
"As long as she doesn't try to make me drink coffee, that's redeemable for a back massage or cunnilingus."
Here's an even better idea: Fuck social media
"As long as we're having consistant sex, I don't really care.
"
"Hey, there, sometimes friendships develop into more.  Those are usually the best relationships.  My SO had to tolerate a few months of ""no's"" (I was with someone else at the time and though unhappy was reluctant to uproot my life by leaving).  I'm so grateful he had the guts to hang in for as long as it took me to see clearly that he was the one for me.  YMMV"
"**Upfront:**

1: Wanna date?

2: Nah.

**Callous:**

1: Wanna date? (in private)

2: Let me think about it.

*2 days later in public in front of her friends:*

2: You know what, I would never date such an irredeemable loser such as you, go fuck your mattress."
"> go fuck your mattress

I need to remember this for future use.
"
"I've never been rejected with ""cruelty"" by a stranger. 

But, girls have been kinda tasteless about it. Like they keep agreeing to do something, then bullshitting me to get out of it, and leading me on without ever actually wanting anything from or with me.  A straight up no would have been better. 

Break ups on the other hand have been categorically savage. "
did she have any high blood pressure or any health signs at all? Did she get regular normal checkups?
"Those fucks that constantly annoy you by giving you all these tips and suggestions every other day and criticise your workout routine. 

That one guy who comes to the gym just to flirt with girls and sits on the machines. FUCK YOU MOTHERFUCKER I WANNA DO SOME ACTUAL WORKOUT. 

Sweaty fucks who don't wipe after they're done "
"That's why my gf and I yell ""naked race!"" and see who can strip off their clothes first. "
"""Oops, one of us said something funny, and now we got distracted from the sex"" :P"
"Sometimes I just have to stop and go piss because the urge starts to override my arousal.

I used to fuck my ex's head into the wall with regularity."
I actually go down on her long enough to make her cum.
"Some of the more female-friendly porn includes laughter, which is nice, but that shit is absent from all the gonzo reality porn and I'm pretty sure I've shared laughter with my partner every time I've ever had sex. "
"I dunno, it seems to me that anything that could happen, has happened in porn at some point or another. "
Yes on the emphasis on language. I had a comment removed once because I said that professor snape is a dick. Like is that actually offensive to people? Enough to be removed? Why. 
"Their sub is more interesting to me atm, but maybe it's because it's mostly about relationships and I'm dating a girl that I don't wanna fuck up with. Nothing I've read from there has been directly applicable to my relationship, but it's still more interesting. 90% of Reddit could pass as /u/askmen imo."
"Fuck no.  I want to do stuff.

I would be okay if I could use my time to work on personal projects or research, but I'd only be okay with it if I thought it would pay off in the end.  

Maintaining things doesn't seem fulfilling to me."
"I kinda am. It's the bomb. Currently sitting on the couch scratching​ my puppies belly. 

House is clean, suppers in the oven. 

LTD for the win.  "
"5'10"", but anything under 6'2"" is considered short in America especially with all the hormones in food (I wouldn't know).

I guess the best thing is no attention from women because they think you automatically have a small dick, are anti-social, have no money, and are least desirable sexually. A substantial % of women would rather date outside their race if the guy's taller.

It's good because I realize what stupid whores American women are. I can't wait for my early retirement outside the country, where life is cheaper/higher quality due to not having stupid women contributing to regulation."
"> I have long thought that Boy Scouts was one of the last places for boys to be boys and learn how to be men. 

Can you elaborate on that? I was never a Scout and I don't know any, that I know of anyway. What sort of things did you learn in the Scouts that you think should be taught in a single sex environment? 

I ask because what from what I've read, nothing about Scouting seems to be gender specific knowledge.

"
"i thought girl scouts was a thing? what's the point?

seems to be some sjw appeasing crap but really who cares what sex people are in any given situation that doesn't involve sex/romance"
I'd choose the *Star Trek* universe after the Dominion War. I don't want to get involved in that bloodbath. And I'd prefer to be a safe civilian living in a post-scarcity utopia.
"I've never had a one night stand, but I'm not sure I'd want to. I prefer sex with people I've got a vested interest in.

The closest to a ONS I've had involved a weekend with this woman that I turned out to have no interest in, and that cemented my disinterest in further casual hook-ups."
"Well yeah but I don't really know why I didn't do it. It's not really a choice since if I had the choice now to have her magically appear and have sex, or if I were in that situation again I don't see why I wouldn't do it."
Isn’t pre marital sex punishable in the Middle East? Do you have tinder there or how do you meet?
"I’m the same. Everyone is different and everyone has their own ideas about sex and what makes it best. I’d rather have it be making love than just sex. I want a connection and I like sex to be something amazing that really seals a connection with someone. Also, it’s not by choice."
"I wouldn't worry too much about it. ONS's aren't all they're cracked up to be. It's mostly something for some guys to brag/exaggerate about. Sex is better, or at least less risky, when it's with someone you've already known for a bit and like. I can see how some people might find it thrilling, but eh, not my cup of tea. "
"> Of course that does happen, but that’s not exclusive to males. 

Sex is mostly women's market. I mean demand on it from guy's side is huge (horniness), but supply from yours...not so much. I'm not saying women who enjoy ONS or sex without strings attached don't exist, but are more rare breed."
"This is my boat. I like the believe I could pick up someone the same evening I met them though admittedly those knives are not particularly sharp...

I just much prefer to have sex with people who are already my friends."
"Never had it, never wanted it.  To me, love and sex go together."
No. I wouldn’t like to. I’m not gonna pretend that sex has to be overly intimate but I certainly need to know them and like them as a person. Closest I continually come is having a one time fling with a female friend.
A little of both for me. Deep down inside I don't really think I want to though. My standards are too high and any girl who would be down for a one night stand with me would make me paranoid about the likelihood of her having some kind of STD. I'd much rather get to know someone before having sex with them. 
Inability. Not even close to getting any sex. 
Holy Fuck that is an amazing comment. 
"r/titlegore 

I don’t even know what the fuck all this means"
"I can imagine being the girl in that situation.

""Cute guy tried to hug me and I just gave him an awkward handshake instead. How do I kill myself?"" "
The kind that involves sex. 
To be honest I'd rather see some realistic sex in porn than try reenact things one sees in porn in reality.
"You don't know many girls who would be in a threesome either.  At least, I assume you don't"
They were the ones asking.  I'd fuck em.
"I'm a girl.  Maybe this is just my sexual fantasy talking, but I feel like if a girl drunkenly consents to sex then that shouldn't be considered rape.  Although I see why guys would be worried about it."
"The question wasn't ""What do you think of porn?""."
Porn is a beautiful thing with beautiful people.  I support sex workers 100%
"As far as things I haven't tried, I'd love to try out a lot of the *things* from porn.

There's a whole lot of machines, devices, equipment/spaces, etc I see in porn that'd I'd probably have fun using on/with my GF. 

However, they're some combination of too expensive, too big, or requiring more modifications to a room than I can make in a rental apartment (especially if I'd like to ever be able to have guests over again without my whole sex life being on display)."
It's an ugly and dehumanizing thing. I do not support sex workers.
"I dig the subgenre of homemade porn where a guy lives with two (or more) girls and the porn is more of a vlog of their sex life. I've done that kind of poly before, so having a camera in the bedroom and monetizing it just makes sense in a business sort of way."
"Midget amputees, AKA nugget-porn."
"Being able to give a chick multiple creampies by myself. 

I don't see it in porn very often, but when I do, it's instant diamonds for me. "
"""out for a drink"" pretty much means ""literally anything can happen"". I don't expect sex since rarely have I gotten sex out of this. But I don't use tinder for this. 

I mean if you're getting them off tinder the expectation is there, isn't that what tinder is for anyway? to hook up? I'd expect sex then. "
"Tinder is primarily an app for men and women to hook up for sex. Every date I have had on there has resulted in sex on the first date with most of them getting repeat dates, based on performance and what they will or won't do sexually."
"> I mean if you're getting them off tinder the expectation is there, isn't that what tinder is for anyway? to hook up? I'd expect sex then.

This, pretty much. If I'm going out with someone from Tinder - expect to get laid if things go well.

Anything else it just depends."
"> Every date I have had on there has resulted in sex on the first date with most of them getting repeat dates

How pretty are you?"
"The reason they probably ended up wanting to fuck you is because they concluded you were not a creep and weren't expecting anything from them. They might very well have set out to get laid but having drinks first is a must to scope out any red flags. Don't have those type of expectations from a date, it seems your natural charm helps you along just fine."
"I haven't dated since 1983.  We went out to eat (at a campus cafeteria LOL), ended up back in her dorm room where we talked all night.  And no, the sex didn't start until a couple weeks later.  Mostly we talked.  "
"I don't expect, or want, sex after the first date/drink.  "
"I'm at that point that I'm used to rejection and that I wouldn't know what to do when I match someone on Tinder or Bumble for the first time. Haven't yet.
I'm also on match. Have sent 200+ messages, only one responded and had somewhat of a conversation until she just stopped responding.
So, I expect nothing to happen. Not even a date, much less sex."
I thought the biggest purpose of Tinder was for one night stands. Or fuck buddies.
"I just got out of a kind of relationship/affair thing with a married woman who sits 5 desks away from me at work, who I now have to see most days and it is like a permanent sword through my soul. She now treats me like I'm not worth a minute of her time after telling me she loved me and had never felt like that about anyone before!  

I was pretty much the happiest single person you'd ever meet before. Now I'm a wreck and while it was pretty great while it lasted, fuck feeling like this. Stay single! Although I guess I always was..."
Don’t fuck married people then
Yeah and his dad helped him get a house for them because for some reason he thinks he needs to be a father to all those kids instead of just his own. She just lost most of her government benefits over this too. His income is too high. All of us think he should have just supported his kid and that’s it. Maybe even made an attempt at sole custody. Too late now. I just hope this doesn’t fuck up his life in the end. 
"For example...If you are self aware, deal with it, don't flag it up as excuse to continue be a dick.

I'm not racist but..."
"I agree. Hence, why I don't consider it necessarily to be bad. I for example am introverted and need a few days of solitude every now and then to recharge, when I don't talk to anybody mostly, not even my partner for most of the day. Many partner's might mind this, so a disclaimer would actually be a good thing, since I wouldn't waste the time of people who are looking for a partner with a very consistent, daily routine in time spent together. 

You could express ""disclaimers"" about having a tendency to work a lot, being an emotionally sensitive person, wanting to settle down soon, having a very high sex drive, etc. All these things might be something that some others would mind, but I think it's fair to share them rather soon."
"Don't shoot me for this Reddit, but, anything that has to do with declaring herself a Feminist...it's rare for me to find a human that doesn't believe in equal rights this day in age, but women who feel the need to tell you they are a feminist...let's just say i see no benefit from further relations. "
“Oh fuck well Obama will take care of me right?!” As she continues to spend money
"Don’t remember if it was the first thing she said but it was something along the lines of “I believe every girl should be treated like a princess.” 

Should’ve ran far as fuck after hearing that, but I was young dumb and horny and had the shittiest 5 month relationship of my life. "
"Yes but 5'4"" doesn't work. Also I'm ugly as fuck too. "
"Money. Until it's not, and then it's making stuff. Or food. Or sex."
"Jesus Christ you people live a sad life eh?

At least I'm happy enough to just imagine how I would torture and kill random bystanders on the street—especially those with short hair."
Sex and suicide. Not necessarily in that order.
Fuck or even date someone I'm not attracted to.
"Man fuck, I'm just getting back into the dating thing in my 30s and that's depressing. "
"Am I the only one that doesn't care about that? 

Like...I'm 25 and just now, for the first time in my life, I'm hooking up with women that I find attractive pretty regularly.

As a guy that was utterly without sex for all of high school and some college...THIS SHIT IS GREAT.

Why would I care if she hooked up with some losers before? I'm hooking up with her now and you don't even need to want to settle down! She can think all her exes were prettier than me too...doesn't matter to me! "
"I'm not talking about sex, I'm talking relationships. Congrats on the laids."
"I mean, you can fuck them."
"give a fuck about my mental, physical, or social health."
Tetris Attack for the SNES. 
"Feeling kinda lonely tbh. Thinking about the last time I had like a guys night. But at least I have my wife, it's just nice to have friends outside a relationship. Plus I failed my rifle qual."
Will i ever find someone of the opposite sex to connect with on an intimate level or am i really going to go through my entire life alone?
"Too many things are messed up in the world and it isn’t really possible to fix them. 

Also automation is gonna fuck everything someday. "
"I ""look away fast"" to all guys, because I have been around too many guys that think any girl who smiles or is friendly wants to fuck them. I feel like I can't even be friendly without a guy assuming that im interested."
"haha, yeah, that's the male sex drive for you. Guys usually think that when a girl is smiling or looking at them is because she wants to smash. It's worse when the guys are in their early 20s.  Which kinda makes a lot of friendships uncomfortable for a lot of girls because sooner or later, there's a lot of guy friends that are gonna try to smash, especially if the dude's been having a dry spell."
"I lost a fuck ton of weight and while women weren't throwing themselves at me. I got treated nicer and got much more smiles from strangers.

BUT, whether this was because I was more attractive or because I was much more happy/confident/smiley/approachable I will leave to the scientists 

(but I personally think it was because of the latter)"
"Conservatism, intense religious belief (whether it's Christianity or paganism or whatever the fuck else, just not my thing), lack of empathy, disinterest in physical affection/intimacy, maybe a few others if I think hard about it."
"Kid(s) plural is a HARD NO for me. 

I notice I can maybe manage a woman with 1 kid, who isn't on shit terms with the kid's dad. A woman who has a bachelors, masters, makes more than me, just 1 kid, great job, attractive, and has a family support network and a reliable ex is okay for me. 

I've been ""Seeing"" someone like that recently. "
"Being spiteful, cruel, and/or nasty and not in a sexual way."
"vegetarianism. atheism. any other -ism where the person claiming it won't shut up about it

multiple divorces, probably, although that depends on the circumstances. murder convictions, stuff like that. 

the main thing i look for is intelligence and a sense of humor, i can work around most anything else but total loony tunes stuff like the above would be hard to deal with. 

"
Kids. Also I don't date girls my friends have had sex with.
How would you know if they’ve had casual sex? 
"Just as much as any other profession that provides a service, just because society has a stigma attached to sex work doesnt mean you're any less of a human being that deserves the same level of respect that you give. "
I'd go so far as to say selling sex is frankly - genius 
"I view sex work with utter disgust because I think that sex should be *freely* exchanged between consenting adults, not reduced to a business practice."
"I respect the profession if it's your own choice, but I wouldn't date a sex worker of any kind."
">Do you respect sex work as a profession? If not why not?

No because I think it loses its value if you have to pay or charge for it. It becomes, to me at least, worthless.

&#x200B;"
"I dont think I respect a sex worker more/less than anyone else in the service industry, or really any human being at all. "
"I respect their choice of profession, but I'd never date someone who does/had worked in the industry.  Sexual values are an important aspect of relationship compatibility, and my views on casual sex are untenable with someone who engages in transactional sex.  "
">So does the person have to have sexual value to you in particular to be worthy of respect?

No but if you are going to have sex with someone then it's something they need to have.

&#x200B;"
I dont think the question was if you'd have sex with a prostitute.
" All workers sell their appeareance,  labour or skills. Some people sell their blood or semen. What is the difference, objectively speaking, of selling your knowledge of the law or being a model, and selling intimate access to your body?"
">I dont think the question was if you'd have sex with a prostitute.

As I'd said I don't respect it as a profession. Sex is something which is natural and beautiful, the connection of two people. I cannot respect a profession that turns this into something sordid for financial gain.

&#x200B;"
Abso-fucking-lutely! A good dominatrix is basically an artist whose medium is erotic ecstasy. 
"I cant answer that, I dont have any kids. But I'd discourage my kids from being a doctor or a carpenter too. If sex work were more socially accepted it would probably be an entirely different conversation. I'm just saying I give every human being tbe same respect that every human being deserves. "
"If we’re talking about women the absolutely. Unpopular opinion but I think female sex workers are the only honest women.  They’re straightforward about the fact that their only use for men is money, and they know that men want sex.  They cut out all the bullshit and get to the point.  I wish all women were that honest. "
"Yes absolutely I respect them.

If you have no problem with people having casual sex, you should have no problem with people doing the same for money."
"I have three questions for you:

1)Can I assume you've never watched porn?
2)How can you possibly know about every man who has payed for sex and be able to summarise that you don't respect them ( ANY of them)?
3)What do you think of women who pay for sex?"
"Well I don't think that's a good analogy since watching T.V is a passive activity, whereas sex work requires a lot of energy and input to be done well. I also don't think it would be at all common for a sex worker to be having sex for 8 hours a day. Maybe many hours in a day working, including travelling and promotion, but not 8 hours of sex."
"> 1)Can I assume you've never watched porn?

I have watched porn. Watching porn != paying a prostitute.

> 2)How can you possibly know about every man who has payed for sex and be able to summarise that you don't respect them ( ANY of them)?

Wut? I don't know them. 

>3)What do you think of women who pay for sex?

Even more sad. 

"
"The question was about sex work in general (so escorts, porn stars, dommes etc...). i.e. people who have sex for money. If you're fine with watching porn and your respect porn stars, I don't see why it should be any different for FSSWs. 

If you don't know them how can you judge them?

Why is it sad? We all have a need for intimacy (see the frequent questions about dating etc. on this sub or r/askwomen for proof of that). What is sad is that so many people are lonely in this world. It's not for everyone, but for some seeing a professional can be a real help.
"
"I had a former coworker who would constantly hit on me and tell me he has turned so many ""straight' men gay because of how talented he was. He would also ask me questions about anal sex but would use euphemisms and I would just pretend to be dumb and not understand."
"that kind of shit is now being used against gays to accuse us of being close minded for shit like not wanting women in our gay porn, i literally seen gay guys getting accused of being sexists for not wanting gay porn companies to be including women in gay porn vids"
"As a straight guy who used to be a hardcore homophobe just quit caring what people think. If their're closed minded enough to be offended you exist nothing is going to change them.

 The only thing that bothers me is those who makes their whole identity is being gay. (same issue I have with potheads) This goes for straight folk as well; If your entire life is based around what you're humping then you may as well be a dog."
"When anybody (whether gay or straight) just.. aggressively turns the conversation towards sexual topics that serve to highlight (over and over) their sexual preferences/practices. Like damn, I don't think that anybody here is uncomfortable about you being gay, we're just confused and weirded out that you feel the need to keep piloting the conversation towards  sex. By no means limited to gay people, it's just as annoying and cringey when a straight guy/girl won't stop saying unnecessarily sexual shit with no appropriate context, like they've got something to prove that nobody else is all that interested in. I guess it's just happened with gay people more than straight people in my experience so that's what came to mind. 

"
Fuck. Now i'm questioning eveything. 
"I learned about how some (maybe even the majority) of them find forearms and hands to be attractive, and even more specifically when they can see the veins in them. 

I also learned that (almost) every time a girl does the “wow your hands are so big” thing and then you both put your hands up to compare size, theyre lowkey into you and it was just an excuse to make some physical contact with you.

Definitely wish she had told me that one earlier because I definitely missed a few hints with that one."
Probably the funniest one was a farm girl who told me she has a fetish for getting fisted because she experimented with her families cows when she hit puberty. It was just so comical to me imagining a 11/12 year old girl sneaking out to the barn at night. I kinda wonder how the cows thought of the whole thing. 
"Ok, I'm as curious as hell, how do you make a ""tampon bomb""?"
Its the fuckboy/girl hook up app no one on there is looking to date they just want to fuck. Anyone looking for anything meaningful is not going to find it on tinder. 
I lack a vagina so it's all secondhand knowledge.
Yeah fuck that. I don't want to date a drink whore.
"I would be pleasantly surprised. Also, maybe a bit skeptical if this was a prank too. 

I wouldn't think she was being slutty, but maybe more just wanting to try new things. 

And why not both? Sex with both girls and equal exploration?"
"That'll be fine with me with the head.

TBH, that actually sort of happened to me with an ex and her BFF. At first, I was excited, thinking I was going to get a threesome. But nope, just ended up having sex with my GF while she and the BFF make out and played with each other. So I understood what Ross from Friends felt in that one episode, and yea, my ex was definitely bi-curious."
"I don't know.  Sitting here now answering this question on Reddit, I'd turn her down.  I'm not interested in casual sex.

But if this actually happened, I don't know that I could refuse.  I'd like to think I'd be strong enough to.  My lizard brain might take over."
"thankful as fuck.  These situations don't present themselves to many men, if ever. You better open the door the opportunity is knocking on and ditch any sense of doubt you have.  I was presented with this years back but the other girl was married and i put a halt on it out of respect for her husband.  Looking back i should have just said fuck it."
"Nope.  If the wife gets to fuck someone else, do do you."
"No difference.  If she gets to fuck someone else, so does the guy.  He gets to join or no deal"
Yeah but this is one of those things that will come up during a big fight.
"""Sure, babe. Whom did you have in mind?""

And take it from there. I like group sex. I think it's a lot of fun. I'm also not insecure about my sexual life, nor do I think I own my partners."
"Fine with me. Done it. But I am one that can completely separate sex and intimacy. One ex who was a dom wanted to get a sex sub for us. A live-in one, eventually. We didn't get quite that far though."
"Actually, I think this is changing somewhat. 

My generation (millennial) was the generation that really got hit hard by studio internet porn. Hardcore stuff that is unrealistic in every way and shows an unhealthy relationship with sex.

But the children growing up now are growing up in an internet with vast amounts of amateur porn. Amateur porn is far more realistic and show healthier sex.

I hope I'm right about this."
"I was already in my teens by the time I was at that point. The first time I saw internet porn was at an adult friends house. He was in a chat room trying to get nudes. So the pic is slowly downloading and when it finally gets to the bottom she had a beer bottle shoved inside her, it was the most hardcore thing I had ever seen and it was barely 15 minutes into my first ever internet session

Also the pic was clearly not the girl he was talking to"
"Yes, because being exposed to adults having vanilla sex is part of healthy childhood. 

/s"
Asked me for my number. The fuck you need my number for creep?
I was sitting down in a nightclub and a ranodm girl came up to me and licked the inside of my ear.  I felt violated 😂
"Men will have to preen more and peacock more to attract women since strength isn't an advantage anymore.  I think we will get overly romantic. More flowery gestures etc.

Sports will be more egalitarian. Maybe Men's sports will have to get more violent and bloody to separate itself from mixed or women's sports."
"For a female to be as strong as a male, she would need to either be larger, or be the same size with high testosterone levels. That's going to be weird and females won't be as physically attractive if they look male from the testosterone levels, growing facial hair and not developing feminine attributes as fully...plus it's going to affect their ability to have babies. I don't think it's a good idea.

I also don't think a race of tall Amazonian women is going to be great either"
Less rape and domestic violence as males learn they might get their butts kicked.
"I mean, the re-reads to me made Feast and Dance seem 100x better. When you don't expect giant plot shifts at the end of each chapter like in Swords it lets you really appreciate the ballsyness of Martin to add in a bunch of characters and a bunch of slow burning plots right after his greatest triumph as a writer. That and the best moments of the last two books like The North Remembers (I got chills just writing that), Fire and Blood, and the the entirety of Jaime's arc in Feast are some of the best moments in the entire series."
"The Rules of Attraction (Bret Easton Ellis)

Choke (Chuck Palahniuk)

The Great Gatsby (F. Scott Fitzgerald)

The Road (Cormac McCarthy)

The Stranger (Albert Camus)"
"That is part of the charm, in an odd way. Comparing them to dogs, they aren't needy, they definitely smell better, they deal with their own shit, they don't need attention all the time, they (probably) won't snap and decide to kill a small child. "
"God does not, the punishment for sin is death. 

Just like a lovin God does not ""kill people so he can have another angel in heaven"", the ""soul"" is the person and not some active spirit inside of you that lives on. 

Likewise, when a person dies ""he knows nothing"" as he is dead and not in heaven or hell, the place for the righteous people will one day be here on earth as God had originally intended."
"We put most bad people in prison for a limited time in an attempt to correct their behavior and to protect the rest of us.  In particularly egregious cases we may put them in permanently to protect the rest of us.

We don't sadistically torture them for the rest of eternity. "
We don't send them to burn for eternity for not believing the approved belief system.
"Same. But I kept watching.

Oberyn's death left me feeling so empty. He was so passionate about his revenge, and a foolish mistake got him killed in the most violent way I've ever seen."
"He will help the mid-low class by creating jobs.  He can't be bought out by CEOs to give jobs to foreign nations because its in his economic interests to keep business here which will in return, create more jobs.  Also, he is not a politician.  Politicians are fuck heads.  He will bolster the military while bolstering homeland security by keeping dangerous people out, securing the border, and only allowing legal immigrants in.  He calls a spade a spade.  Pretending like Islam is not a serious problem when such a high percentage of terrorists stem from Islam is extremely dangerous and half of this country's homeland security problem.  "
"I didn't finish Burn Notice, I didn't make it that far :( now I'm sad."
Lem. Fuck Shane and his junkie girlfriend.
"And also, Rebecca Sutter from How To Get Away With Murder.   "
"I wish I could say I support either canadate but at this point BOTH of them have proved to be unworthy.  Clinton I DO NOT want in charge of our military.  I feel they will be sent to slaughter.  Trump? well all he could do is hire someone else to do the job.  The mud slinging is the worst by far that I have seen in any campaign.  I can't support either at this point. it's sad that my country has fallen this far down the rabbit hole.  SMH
"
Violence and the fact we have the highest murder rate in the country. The month of August had more murders than New York and LA combined. 
"I'm fine with it as well. Actually where I'm from in Siberia, I get the feeling there's a mix of Asian and Western culture. Because when I was growing up slurping was OK, but chewing with your mouth open was not. Then I lived in the States and Europe, and there slurping was definitely frowned upon as well. I say if the soup or coffee/tea is hot, slurping is better than burning your tongue, so fuck what people think. Chewing with your mouth open and smacking your lips is just unnecessary."
"I dunno, porn would solve the problem of having everyone have to fuck each other all the time to get off, leading to less unwanted children."
"I've read that rogue waves were a big threat to WW2 submarines. They'd run surfaced at night to keep the batteries charged without being seen, and a rogue wave could sneak up and take out the bridge watch."
Well I mean each to their own but I prefer to clean all up there before anal and I would think someone into daily buttplugs would similarly be into that sort of prep routine. Spontaneous anal isn't really my thing. 
Went shooting at a gun range. So much fun!  I love the adrenaline that one gets when shooting.
"Sex without a condom. 
Twas niiiice"
You didn't kill them you just transported them back to their home planet :-)
"Simpsons Hit & Run

Still the best GTA game. Fight me."
"""you should kill us on sight"""
What doesn't kill you makes you weaker.
"1. Be horny as fuck

2. Write about it

3. Rinse / repeat"
"In London we have a street flanked each side by various jewelers. There are guys who hang around outside on the pavement waiting for the draft to blow tiny shavings of gold and such out of the shop doors so they can pick it off the cobbles.

I have no idea how much they make, but there seems to be a certain level of organisation to it. I pass this place (Leather Lane) most days and you always have the same guys working the same patch. I never even knew what they were doing there until I asked on of them."
I once sent in some scenarios for a fetish porn site.  I was paid with a free month's membership.  I really should have made this a regular thing.
"Guns don't kill people.

People kill people.

Fix the people. 

Seriously, how long did it take Europe to figure this out? UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE!"
"People Kill People.
One Man Killed 17 People.
But He Killed Them WITH A GUN.
So What Is Your Point?"
"But they haven’t.

How long until these current laws fix this mass shooting epidemic that the country has? Why should people have to wait for their country to be fixed when it could be done now?

I don’t suggest removing guns completely, but by allowing almost anyone to by any gun, then terrorist will no longer be the problem- Americans will become the number one killer of Americans.

Current laws won’t fix this.
Action needs to be taken."
"Problems have arisen.
You are asking people to solve these problems about the FBI and sorts but refuse to address the fact that it was a gun that caused all the damage on the day.
Grow up."
"That’s not exactly what I meant, but thank you for actually being civil and not trying to attack me."
"I look at porn, cats and cat porn. I feel like I’m using it wrong "
"Both are a good thing in fair measure. If someone else is spending the same amount of time getting a PhD online, then.. I’d feel like I’m denying myself something useful. 🤷🏻‍♀️

Wtf is cat porn? "
"As a Dane, what in the fuck are you actually talking about lmao

Did you have sex with your siblings?"
"Dane here and I have to say WHAT THE FUCK dude no it's not.
This it utter bullshit, please people dont trust him. 
"
You can legally have sex at age 15 in Denmark and so long the age difference is enormous it's for the most part accepted.
"Not here in America, at least from my experience, we just go at it and sometimes it gets messy. Why shower, have messy sex and then shower again? Besides I don't mind being with a girl whose a tad bit ripe if you know what I mean."
"ITT: 

either : ""kill all that are useless""

or: ""pineaplle and pizza"""
what? what the fuck did i just read
"Come see the violence inherent in the system!!

Come see the violence inherent in the system!!"
Am I the only one who has no idea what the fuck is going on in this thread?
"fuck you, you're just pretending to be blocked. get back to work RIGHT NOW you piece of shit piping"
"What constitutes disrespect? And the bigger question is, why is respect mandatory? Issues of whether the players are allowed to protest at work aside, why the fuck is the anthem something to be respected? Why does the anthem have to be representative of an entire country? Why should people be forced to 'respect' it, when we can't even agree on things that are disrespectful or not? And why is kneeling seen as disrespectful, when it's traditionally and historically been seen as a sign of respect?"
"I don't.......  
Aside from that the best advice I was ever given was to wash my hands. It's not a long term solution but it helps to remove all that adrenaline and anxiety and calm you down for a while. I believe it's because you're focusing on your hands and not the stress and you're also feeling the water touch your skin. It works for me. Also it helps to figure out your triggers so that you can slow the process down. So if you know that thinking about exams is going to send you into an anxiety attack mentally prepare yourself before going into a study session."
i know a lot of good ones but they're all porn
Where is the sort by porn button on this thread?
Don't forget the flaming text. Red and yellow fire was hardcore but the blue flames were where it was at. 
"*Piertotum Locomotor*

Imagine animating Greek or Roman statues to, you know ... make a sex on each other."
The body swapping potion how much you could fuck someones life up with that id absurd. 
I feel the opposite way.  Skylar I felt sorry for.  Chuck was a complete dick to Jimmy.
"> just as likely to kill you as let you live

just started to read it and it's already a 10/10"
THANK YOU. Being a good person isn't enough. Spider-man couldn't lift the hammer because he was unwilling to kill. Being a nice guy doesn't make you a capable warrior. 
Actually in the comics he couldn't wield Mjolnir because he was unwilling to kill his opponents in battle. 
"I'd setup a photo studio with a large stage to use for building sets and fill it with props for photo shoots. And of course, I'd use it to shoot porn with girls I hire off tinder. "
"I would hire one very specific artist and kickstart my 6-years-in-making comic book series, and advertise the living hell out of it. And if it was a success, I'd make two animated adaptations - one mostly family friendly, and one more explicit than Berserk. "
"What a dick, repeating a /u/greenebean18's pun and getting gold for it."
"Really if the client confesses to his lawyer of murdering someone why should they be given a fair trial ?? Imagine a killer gets a fair trials walks free and murders another person in my book that said lawyer has blood on their hands. All for a paycheck 

Its a different matter if the client claims they are innocent then ok. "
"When my team mates don't listen to calls and don't do anything when I'm tanking and engaging the fight. Fuck you, now I'm not going to even help you, see ya, gotta sell those asshole tank items and use pure dmg build instead."
"Trying to kill envy in darksiders 3. 
God I hated envy, wrath wasn’t any easier and I haven’t played it since I “killed” wrath "
It was me. Fuck off.
"Student here,

I had a breakdown in the middle of math once, and I yelled ""I wanna kill myself.""

i'm now in therapy"
"The only major benefit is university entrance, and possibly obtaining some positions when you’re young. However, once you’re 20-23ish, no one gives a flying fuck if you finished high school or not.

By the time you’re actually able to drop out of high school, you’ve already got the vast majority of the skills required of you as an adult. Sticking around only gives you the opportunity to further those skills."
Don’t fuck a rope.
"Anything you think is cool right now will be cringe later. No avoiding it, just don't get stuck in that behavior. 

Also like if you're gonna have sex just do your research. BC is $9/mo at walmart, no one gives a fuck if you buy condoms (which are freely available at most colleges if you live near one) and if you're a guy, please learn more on what vaginas and their owners go through. 

Basically educate yourself."
Fuck yes.  What kind of question is this?
"I no longer practice criminal, but I’m board certified in it (for now) and I had had about 70 trials.

If someone confessed to a violent crime and that confession was not suppressed there is almost zero chance of an acquittal. If the client just told you, that’s attorney client privilege and you can’t reveal it (although you can’t let your client testify falsely either).

A lawyer is not the trier of fact. Your job is to defend your client and the constitution. If you forget that you break the system. A good defense lawyer gives every client their all regardless of the facts, personal dislike, etc."
"I knew Hitler would come up in this post, what about fucking Staline for fuck sake? How much more do you have to kill to be the best?"
Tell the british soldier in WW1 to shoot that German guy with black hair and shitty mustache
"Take a gun, go back and knock some lead into that bitch Adam and be done with the root of all my suffering."
Kill Cardi B's parents. Worth it
"Murder anyone preaching christianity, Judaism, or islam."
"Dad is a London taxi driver. Many years ago he had someone get in the back with a shotgun and made him drive around the city whilst he had his gun out the window, looking for someone. Never found whoever they were looking for."
"In Latin America I took a cab, those drivers drive like they got a gun pointed at them. Slam the gas pedal and just barley get by the 2 traffic lights in town"
Oh dress up as farming simulator but be holding a machine gun!
"Oh, what, you think you just wade in and start throwing bombs and that's how you whup ass on a platypus? Check yourself, son. When you step to God's little collection of spare parts, you come heavy, or you don't come at all. You don't beat a platypus, you try like hell to stay alive until it gets bored. And don't you never call it a platy-pussy.

(No seriously, stay away from them. They're cute and all, but they're also one of the very rare group of venomous mammals. The pain is said to be absolutely excruciating.)"
Just another Australian animal that’ll fuck you up.
Ah fuck; I can't believe I've done this.
Guys I'm horny do your thing please
Reddit is now the #1 porn site
"Loophole: Upvote, then downvote, so you can upvote again. -> Orgasm anytime, anywhere, as long as you have internet access and phone."
"I have no plans to ever study it but what the fuck do you know about women's studies that isn't just MRA/TiA/KiA copypasta? 

See:

DAE feel empowered by their extreme ignorance on the topics they love to talk shit about?"
"Damn, you shut him the fuck down with that witty comeback!"
I'm not a women's studies major but I know enough about the field to know that that's not an accurate characterization of most programs or the field of study in general. Do you think that pointing out instances of sex-based difference in our society and in the way we formulate knowledge is not a worthwhile activity? 
Holy shit. I've been enjoying esports for many years now and I just learned so much that I never even thought of about it....and money. My mind is blown. Informative as fuck discussion. 
Who the fuck are those random guys?
What if the bomb instead blows up on the Vinsmokes?
Baseless theory time: Sanji is a bastard child. The reverse curl on his eyebrows is proof. The vinsmokes had to remain a secret so they tortured and killed his mother trying to find him. He witnessed his mother's sacrifice which in turn led to his 'never hurt a lady' motto. 
who else think that luffy will attack the ship for food?
Why do people think Luffy is seriously hurt he's probably just comically injured and would get back up no problem if they had to fight
"Of course he would. He'd also end Obamacare, taking affordable healthcare away from nearly twenty million people. He'd also do his best to ban all abortions. He'd also bomb Iran. He'd also ... Oh hell just don't vote for the fucker alright? "
"Because he has been hired by the Clintons to say the most inflamatory shit possible to boost the chances that Bernie people will cave and vote the lesser evil.

I say fuck the both of them in the eye. "
Why because he won't abuse his power to pass climate change treaties and re-classify CO2 as a criteria pollutant without the required congressional approval?
"> bitch slap us out of existence

Im using this "
Dumph is just following the Republican drive to dismantle the government until it is small enough to drown it in a bathtub...and the republicans like it!
"> bitch slap us out of existence if we continue with our current trajectory.

We are already changing our trajectory. There are big pushes for solar and other renewables already.  Not because of some climate treaty, but because of market forces and China's need to do something about their air pollution.

"
Don't forget Vaccines cause autism. And torture is awesome.  And we should murder the families of terrorists.
"Yeah, I'm constantly questioning ""is this a ridiculous enough opinion that people will laugh instead of saying what the fuck?"" "
Shit. I saw the hand. Now my brother is going to appear out of nowhere to punch me. 
Does anyone else see the sex toy here?
It needs to sold with a penis shaped ottoman so I can make the international sign for boning with my furniture.
"Yeah, looks kinky as fuck. It also looks like it has been thoroughly abused."
Its everywhere. Especially as kids you make that arsehole sign and when someone looks through it you can punch him.
Factually wrong. The growth in the EU is beaten by many other countries around the world. Pointless response.
"Well from their perspective what they gave us wasn't fair. we already have exemptions from every major eu ideal, euor, schengen etc. Why the fuck do the british people think they are so special that they should have different rules?"
Way to kill the hype! Technical issues every week!
Dude on a serious note someone is messing with shit when fnc plays because almost every game they play right now is delayed or has a problem. Probably Freeze using his russian spy skills to fuck fnc over.
"so I've got piston 3s and I'm looking to get to the next step.

girlfriend has a pair of the MEE M6 pro - they're pretty cool, I like the sound especially w foam tips.

I'm actually kind of looking for cans this time around, but the thing is that I prefer an open back headphone with punch - something that has bass and a very ""live,"" fun sound but not something v shaped to the point where it's tiring to listen to. I prefer open back because of the sound stage.  I've tried ATH M50x's and they sounded really congested and bad to me. 

any suggestions for an open back headphone that doesn't rid of the bass or ""fun"" sound?

it's almost as if I'm looking for a pair of speakers with a sub for my ears lol"
"I mean I'm not anal about bass. I listen to rock and metal but I'll prioritize crisp good sound (for PC use) over bass. Do the mdr1a do well gaming though? 

Edit: I saw on the web the Bose true sound ae ii for travel and portability. Any word on those? Online reviews seem fairly good. Some bad ones. "
Hope all goes well for Al and the UFC doesn't do their mafia tactics like shelfing him or getting him fucked up matchups and saying they will cut him if he doesn't fight a bad match up on short notice
Boo me? Fuck you! Get paid Al! 
"> According to Iaquinta, the UFC allowed him to bow out of the fighter summit but then when he posted photos on a beach near his house a few days later, he received a call asking why he was playing in the sand when he was supposed to be too sick to attend the meeting in Las Vegas.

Lol

> Iaquinta eventually got on a conference call with UFC officials to explain what had happened but the end result was still the same. He wasn't eligible for any post fight bonuses such as 'Performance of the Night' for his next three bouts in the UFC.

Huh, didn't know they could do that. Interesting  "
"Its his best course of action, judging by the article he isn't in the UFC good books as it is and it is not like he has signed a huge fight deal. Its won't matter to the UFC if he doesn't fight since LW is stacked as it is. I say go the Koscheck way and take short notice fights quickly and fight out the contract, no doubt Bellator would be interested in him. "
fuck man i just wanna see this dude fight again
God dammit Al I wanted to watch you fight.
"""You better be buying this house, no? no? FUCK YOU!"""
It's the hardcore fans who know about the hotel room trashing. Not the casuals. 
"RIP Al Iaquinta's career....This guy had everything he needed to be a local favorite in NY and he throws it away again and again like a hothead. Real fighters go and put it on the line and deliver and the rest works itself out later. Employee or not, none of these guys are going to get what they want by bad mouthing the UFC or airing dirty laundry. Put or shut up, Al. No one wants to sponsor a guy that doesn't show up and fight in their home market. Put on an incredible performance then ask for more, not the other way around. True fighters with confidence don't have a problem. Shut up Al."
"They're talking about this right now on The MMA Hour. Iaquinta's laying it all out. You can tell he's broken about it. I feel bad about the whole situation. Bummer.

Actually no, not a bummer. Fuck the UFC!"
"All we know is that Al called in sick to sick to avoid the summit but then was at a beach house. Was he actually sick? We don't know. We also don't know what took place during the phone call... maybe Al blew up and lost his temper prompting the officials to pull him. Maybe he was completely reasonable and this is a dick move by the UFC. point being, we don't know, so stay skeptic and don't pick sides on this issue until all the cards are shown"
"This is what I tell my workers. I run a Subway in downtown Phoenix. Real Sandwich Artists COMMIT to Subway. This one girl, she fucking quits in August. Says she's gotta go to COLLEGE. Whatta bitch."
"being inactive puts you in a horrible spot

trying to renegotiate when you already have a fight on your contract is fine, but forcing them to pull you due to compliance issue is a bad measure. diaz brothers get away with it if they perform, same for connor but the second they don't they will be held to those higher standards you now stand"
"How many retired (REAL) MMA fighters are piss poor with medical problems up the wazoo? Pretty much 99% of them, I don't think Iaquinta wants to go down that road.

If you think Al should just shut his mouth and get punched in the face for pennies just for your entertainment, I think maybe you should take his place and fight Thiago."
"All I'm saying is that's what he signed up for. I know fighters that make $500 to fight and they're good with it. It's not actually just entertainment, it's combat. WWE is entertainment. MMA started as a platform to test different styles of unarmed combat. No one got paid well until recently. Those that do have proven themselves repeatedly and have thus earned the interest of those that are entertained by it, so they are paid accordingly. No one is interested in a guy that blows smoke because he's scared of getting hurt or losing. If the risk is too great for him, there are many others to fill his shoes. I'll fight Thiago tomorrow for 50g sign me the fuck up."
"The wage gap myth.
Either that or rape culture/ patriarchy."
"Perhaps clearly is too strong, but I think the one loss Michigan scenario with Utah imploding would likely go against Washington 

I think your biggest worry is Auburn and A&M both winning out with Auburn beating Bama at the Iron Bowl.  Then you have the SEC champ as Bama and a one loss A&M that can claim to have beaten that Auburn team, or you have a 1 loss A&M as the SEC champ and a 1 loss Bama with a win over the SEC champ.  That scenario is your worst case scenario "
"Louisville doesn't get much love because of SOS. Could potentially see them as low as 6 maybe even lower depending on how cruel they are.

First time Bama in the top 4 is a no-brainer. It'd be a shame if... the committee decided to... stir up some controversy (probably not happening, but one can hope).

Wahington *potentially* gets punished for SOS. Probably won't matter if they win the PAC-12 while undefeated or with one loss. I don't think they'll be left out of the top 4, though.

Strong emphasis on SOS could put Clemson as high as 1. Emphasis on the eye test could put as low as 4, but I doubt we'll be lower than 3."
Louisville at 8 because they haven't beaten anybody.
Fuck. I started watching it even though you warned me. I stopped watching after the first few seconds because it already spoiled too much for me. I'm trying so hard not to watch anything but the release date is ages away :(
Holy shit. Flamelurker and the gargoyles had bastard children.  Fuck yes.
"OH YES

I think a good 30% of my victories consisted on tricking blood thirsty hosts and phantoms to jump after me and die in the process."
"Holy crap, that boss looks like it will fight like an expanded upon Flamelurker. That's amazing"
loose lips sink ships. so shut the fuck up
"lol... I was watching Dave Chappelle's new stand up and he has a good reaction when someone said to him ""how can you be hungry when people in Africa are starving...""

""So what?!?! I still want to eat... what the fuck I can do to help them? I'm not a superhero""
"
What are you trying to argue stupid? He just likes the way leather creases on his Jordan 1s. Fuck off
They called for snow again later today. Fuck it wear shadow 1s.
"Fuck yeah, Oreos! :D

About as cool as PlayStations and Xboxes!"
"If Vice just stuck to doing stuff covering... Vices - i.e. the sex trafficking, the underworld, shit most of us wouldn't have the balls to do I'd be fine with them..."
How the fuck is United Airlines cooler than Virgin America?!?
".. mcdonalds is awesome, but not cool.

What the fuck is this even?"
"Does Farage still hold a position in your government? I thought that when he surprise-quit after he fucked you with Brexit, he was no longer qualified to do anything but come here to America and fuck with us by helping trump. (I despise both those bastards so much.)"
"They're not popular, it's just that very few people vote in European elections. Most of the people that do are hard Eurosceptics and vote for them to fuck with the EU."
"Two questions

1) Why does this cock get so much news coverage?
2) Why doesn't he just shut the fuck up?"
so why should anyone give a flying fuck about what the average brit thinks?
It's almost as if Farage gets a weird hard on by making everyone hate him. I wonder if he jerks off at night with the thought that he is one of the most hated politicians in the West that everyone wants to punch.
"""He's a borderline rapist and that's just what we know about.  He can't possibly win -- did you hear what he said about grabbing pussy?  ZERO percent chance.  He's a fucking trainwreck.""

Me.  Before losing all faith in humanity."
"that line low-key broke my faith that Americans had any semblance of shame. For God's sake he is advocating collective punishment and the wholesale slaughter of women and children whose only crime is they're RELATED TO BAD GUYS. The Yemen raid made me want to cry, we killed an eight year old girl. "
oh sadder drunker mexican! Lo siento! It is so evil. I believe that people who fight for humanity and the environment are going to better world beyond this. I know that atheists who fight for what is good are going to the best place of all in heaven because they never expected any reward. 
"> I know that atheists who fight for what is good go to the best place of all in heaven because they never expected any reward.

This is why I am not concerned about my beliefs and only want to treat people well."
"The race isn't close at all. Don't downvote because you don't want it to be true, we just need to be real about candidates that have a chance so our support can bring about change, not flocking to things we wish were true. This is one of the reddest districts in the nation and, although it's closer than other years, there are far closer races we have a far greater chance at succeeding at. We will fail to change the system if we flock to thee easy story and the hard fight, instead of the easier fighter with a less exciting story."
"I'm pretty confident of it. This dimension  has a lot of good and evil. There are places where kindness and goodness are the norms and not the exceptions.
This earth is not sane but it has a lot of good people in it.
Hang in there and take good care of yourself.  Get your rest. Drink clean water and eat as health as you can. Take a break from the news for a few days if you have to. Be in nature if you can. I wish you the deepest peace."
"I'm not assuming anything when I say they have less solvable problems. We have more gun deaths, more medical bankruptcies, more infrastructure problems, etc. It's quantifiable and we could have definitely solved these problems considering the resources we have. There are always problems, but if they are solvable, it's a serious problem if conservatism prevents the solutions from being used."
"This is true, in part, but it also seems like the GOP has effectively jumped the gun on their end-game of a society of brainwashed serfs, and are going to burn themselves out within a decade.

The cult of Trump is only losing members, while the viewership of Fox News continues to die off and progressives continue to rally behind principles and the principled people who embody them.

The long game is looking good, we just need to stay alert and active, so we survive the short-term clusterfuckery."
"> it also seems like the GOP has effectively jumped the gun on their end-game of a society of brainwashed serfs

I was surprised how they immediately began acting like they were a dictatorship as soon as Trump got into office. They probably could have successfully removed the democratic process if they had been slow and careful about it. Him being so erratic and stupid certainly hurt their ability to, but they've been complicit with his idiocy from day 1. Evil's incompetence might be the only thing that saved the republic in the end."
"Exactly. They are always going to say they approve because they hate liberals that much. But if they lose their enthusiasm they won't turnout. 

Just like how progressives didn't show up for Hillary and Democrats down ballot despite the threat of Trump."
">The poll found that 43 percent of voters look to congressional Democrats to protect families when it comes to health care, compared to 15 percent who trust President Trump on health care and less than 10 percent who say the Republican Party should lead the way.

Aren't you all glad that every last Democrat held the line during the repeal and replace debacle? We 100% won that fight; not only did the ACA survive, the GOP looks like a bunch of monsters, and rightly so. Now we come through with better ideas next year. Berne Sanders is already rallying support for Medicaid for all, for example."
"> Just like how progressives didn't show up for Hillary and Democrats down ballot despite the threat of Trump.

I don't think Trump was perceived as a threat, really.  He was lampooned even as he was hours away from winning the election.

I think a lot of people didn't seriously believe so many millions of Americans were willing to vote for such a candidate.  That so many regret their vote now doesn't change the fact that the party's decades-long effort to destroy public education and dismantle the fourth estate with propaganda has been extremely effective."
"You do know that it is possible to have an opinion on someone other than ""I would kill them myself if I could"" and ""I'm not gay but I'd blow them if they asked"" right?"
"Wait, what?  
  
If Linux can kill your PC's hardware, I'll have to rethink my plans to move to Linux by the time Win 7 goes EOL in 2020."
Shoot the modmail a photo of your recruiter business cards with your PII blacked out and your username on it. 
What the fucking fuck is going on in here.
"Fuck, I should really quit smoking. It makes me feel like an idiot for doing it when I see shit like this. "
"Didn't seem like he was ""beaten"" at anything and it also wasn't particularly ""uncomfortable.""

Just a mildly comedic interview. That's it. Whats up with your title OP?"
"Camel's primary use is as a work-animal. It's not really consumed for food, though do find it in many places in the Mid-east.

If a Camel is fit to slaughter, it's because it's no longer fit to work. So you tend to only get old/sick/gamy meat. Not good eating.  "
"yes BLAST also only had 1 bo3 in the entire event where they had to face Astralis with a standin.


>the rating being inflated doesnt mean shit,

Of course it does. Fallen has won alot more because he played in a way better team meanwhile k0nfig has played in a team much worse and therefore lost alot more resulting in a lower rating. 

> fallen was a better entry

oh please, k0nfig is much better as a pure entry. Fallens opening kill stats are better because he is an awper and awpers usually tends to have a higher opening kill stats. 


> more consistent

its alot easier to be more consistent when you are playing in the #1 team with two top5 players in it compared to k0nfig playing in North while being a very aggressive player
"
">ratings tend to get inflated when you are winning a lot

Tell that to TACO or even Karrigan.

Fallen had a drop in his quality for a certain period and a beastly dominance for the rest of the year. Fallen > Konfig any day. "
"Ofc it is. Tacos job is to go and figure out where they are and either he gets a kill or he doesn't and gets refragged. He is not being put in situations where he is the one getting refrags or baiting others. And for good reasons.

Are you saying his role is to frag? Or what's his role in your opinion?

And what does whatever you said about Karrigan even mean? What does the IGLing itself and in general have to do with stats being inflated or not?"
"While he may dropped off in 2016, his presence in 2017 was brutal

I'm not even a fanboy, more of the opposite tbh, but he deserves top 10. "
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Attack ideas, not users. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, and other incivility violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
">“House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier, to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?

Donald Trump - 8 min. ago"
She won't get any love after Jodi Arias. 29 stab wounds was just a statistic. Now we *see* the pain happening and the jury will be in the room right there with him.
"If you stick your dick in crazy, the crazy sticks you"
"One thing that's interesting to think about is that we probably all agree that punishment should be personalized for each offender, and that one thing to take into account is the likelihood of re-offending. And statistically women are far less likely to commit violent crime, so in general you would expect them to receive lighter sentences. It's kind of similar to the wage gap thing, just in the other direction. "
"""YOU WANMA FUCK WITH ME?"" UMMM... HE IS CLEARLY SAYING NO."
In the end he’ll still be at fault for whatever happens. Shitty that this crap happens and he has to film it. If he would have just socked her to get her to stop stabbing him he would be in jail for domestic violence. Weird country we live in... at least the accent sounds American. 
Jesus Christ that was horrible. I fell like there needs to be more abuse shelters that accommodate men
"In minesweeper, the first click is always safe. If the space you click would be a bomb, it is moved to the top left square."
"I haven't seen it mentioned and the OP has been deleted, but how I got good at minesweeper was using the right click and double click buttons on the mouse. Once you know where a bomb is, you right click it and it adds a little flag. You can then right click on a number square and if you have flagged the correct number of bombs according to the number, it'll open the surrounding squares. "
"well shit....I have dyed hair, visible tattoos, AND 00 gauges...

I guess i better go suck a dick, apparently i've been a raging faggot this whole time."
"They feed on having an enemy to fight, an ""other"" to hate, and feeling victimized.  In a world where they have EVERYTHING, nothing is ever enough."
"So, in other words, you don't need to be a dick to suck dick?"
Fuck this place im going to mars
"I didn't grail anyone yet, because I'm indecisive as fuck. I wanna grail so many servants, but I'm always scared that I'll spread myself thin. At the very least, if Karna ever decides to join my Chaldea, he's guaranteed to get to 100. Otherwise, I really should grail one of my Nero's... She deserves it."
Idk I was under the assumption semen made a woman pregnant and not peepee 
"Cop: Are you saying I goofed? 

Driver: oh shit this motherfucker is about to kill me."
You trying to give the man a heart attack? First the police and then being a father? Sheeeeet.
"It should have been tipped him off when the officer didn't shoot him on the spot. 
""Oh, you're not here to kill me? Next, you'll probably tell me my wife is pregnant."""
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Attack ideas, not users. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Surely nothing bad could happen to a naked child that has been given stupefying drugs. /s
Compassionate conservatism has morphed into cruel conservatism. 
Fuck any so-called *Pro-Life* person who is silent during this fiasco. Worthless pieces of hypocritical shit as far as I'm concerned. 
"The worst part is, these kids were probably told by their parents that they are going to a better, safer place to live, only to be captured and tortured by heartless, hostile foreign tyrants in the very place they believed would be better."
">Compassionate conservatism ~~has morphed into cruel conservatism~~ *was always a lie*. 

"
"When i read the headline i told myself this was likely happening before Trump got in.. because such abuse doesent build up over night. And yep, i was right.

> documented abuses at both facilities pre-date Mr. Trump’s administration

That being said, some people are just beyond help, and probably immigrant children are overly represented in this group because of their poor background. What do you do with people like that? Sometimes someone is completely out of control.... In ways you cant imagine. MAYBE under extreme circumstances stripping them down and drugs to calm them down for their own safety is defensible."
"That's not how the burden of proof works. You made the claim- ""the cops faced repercussions""- and now you want *me* to prove it false? No no no. *You* have to provide evidence that they *were* punished. 

Edit: furthermore, you still didn't address the fact that Trump hasn't spoken a word condemning this. He has time to call LeBron James ""low iq"" on Twitter, he has time to attend rallies and watch Fox and Friends, but he doesn't bother to shoot out a single tweet in solidarity of kids who were raped by law enforcement on his watch?"
Sure he did.  Trump new there would be abuse. He planned it. He wanted it. He encouraged it. He gave bonuses to abusers. Tell us why. What was his motivation in setting up kids to be abused and raped. What is the upside for him?
">Children as young as 14 stripped naked, shackled, strapped to chairs, their heads encased in bags, left for days or longer in solitary confinement, and in some cases beaten or bruised.

>These things are taking place in America.

>Routinely administered psychotic drugs -- administered routinely in the morning and at night. 

>Denied water as a means of punishment."
"The fact there were abuses before Trump's election just makes his executive order all the more damning and his indifference obvious.

Is there another law enforcement agency that does not require record keeping? How is that a rational policy for a government organization with sweeping powers to detain thousands of people in our nation?

That prevents accountability for the agents themselves and implicitly condones violence or any other means necessary."
"Yeah, thankfully though they won't kill off Google Play Music until YouTube Music has feature parity, so I'm not too worried. To be honest YouTube has a lot more name recognition and I can understand why they want to streamline their services."
">they won't kill off Google Play Music until YouTube Music has feature parity,

As a GPM subscriber, I don't believe this for a second."
"To be fair I think Oxford Street falls in that area and I know Victoria does too, if I had to guess most of the crime would be in those areas and would be pickpocketing and shoplifting. Zone 1 london is very safe in terms of violent crime, that's mainly north east and south London. Even then most of it is gang related and they tend to only be interested in attacking each other (unless you're being mugged)."
"No, but her son's friend was a serial rapist and pedophile."
"Man, I lived in Hackney, and those kids sure loved stabbing each other.  Every week or two, there'd be a new pile of flowers somewhere around my house where some kid got stabbed."
"No they ain't, carrying a knife for no good reason is illegal.

As in don't hang around with your mates on the streets when your 16 carrying an offensive weapon.

I carry a knife daily for work, accidently left a 20"" screwdriver in my pocket once when going to a lol festival thing in London, police check out upon entering, emptied my pockets and found the screw driver and a snap knife, I apologised and said I had just come from work, they let me pick up the knife and screwdriver as I left.

Also carried a large axe on the tube, no one cared.

British police use common sense.

When any America city becomes as safe as London then Americans can talk shit.

Untill then stfu."
">	Man, I lived in Hackney, and those kids sure loved stabbing each other. Every week or two, there'd be a new pile of flowers somewhere around my house where some kid got stabbed.

Perhaps you should re-read the comment thread you’re replying to? I’m clearly not talking about owning a butter knife..."
"Can you break this down by crime type? Let's be honest, selling drugs on the street is not really a crime that anyone cares about and crime involving violence on a person is very different to pickpocketing. Thefts of bikes, burglaries vehicles etc would also be good to see separated."
"I swear it’s like you don’t understand the words I’m using.

We’re talking about kids fucking stabbing each other. What exactly of that has anything to fucking do with the legitimate uses you’ve pulled out of your ass so far?"
"Like thebottomofawhale mentioned, economic state can vary quite a bit within boroughs. However it is worth noting that the low crime boroughs in the south west (Richmond, Kingston, Merton and Sutton) are generally quite well off. Also the borough just to the left of the dark red one, which appears to have relatively low crime for the area, is Kensington and Chelsea, one of the wealthiest boroughs in London. 

The map also doesn't show what kind of crimes are committed. Kensington and Chelsea gets more theft and burglary due to the extreme wealth, whereas other poorer boroughs will get more violent crime. "
"As the female primary breadwinner in a hetero marriage that works well, I personally find her comments (as a woman) to be icky.  But I'm not you!  If it's a joking or fetish thing that you two enjoy together - totally fine.  But for me, I don't even like playing around the idea that the home-maker role is assigned to women - it's a touchy subject for me living in a social context that is still frequently anti-feminist and anti-men-doing-things-that-aren't-traditionally-masculine (there has to be a better word for that).  She's not doing the male thing - she's doing her thing.  You're not doing the female thing either.  BUT, as long as no one feels uncomfortable, and she's not making those comments to me?  Fine - none of my business, and enjoy!"
"If you’re cool with it and she is cool with it then it’s all good my dude, fuck what anyone says or thinks."
You should totally make a block submission with this hidden in it lol 🦀
Deflect the shit out of him and get some hits in until hes at 2/3 health then all you deflects will really build up his posture bar. Then just keep near and attack once to keep him attacking and ull get the last deflect to finish him off. Definitely learn to deflect his jumping slam and the follow up mikiri counter on his charged stab. In the final stage mikiri his diving stab to get easy hits early and use it to fill up his posture for the final blow. Then lose your shit when u finally get that final blow. 
Damn I didn’t realize you could mikiri that charging attack in the last phase.  Still managed to take him down but that would’ve been good to know
"That's literally the reason I beat him my first time getting to the third stage, saw him do the thing and the symbol and though ""Is this a grab or a stab"" decided to try the mikiri and it payed off. "
"I never actually figured out how to do the lightning reversal. I know the note says to do it before you hit the ground after taking lightning damage in the air, but every time he did a lightning attack I either was on the ground (dodging to the side or getting killed) or jumping out of the way (not getting hit)."
Jump into it and deflect it then press attack.
You don't need to deflect it. Just straight up get hit by hit. It won't hurt you unless you touch the ground. Then attack.
I just tried my best and whittled his health down 1 attack at a time so I could finally posture break him. On his 3rd phase I spammed firecracker to get free hits in
">	Then lose your shit when u finally get that final blow.

The game does a pretty great job of playing in to that feeling, doesn’t it? I often say a last “fuck you” to the boss as the brutal death animation plays. Bonus points if I had been using the flame sword combo and the death animation plays with my flaming sword impaling the boss."
I got him to the final death blow in a corner only for my lock on to go crazy whilst I was freaking out and he recovered only to kill me seconds later because I was too slow... fml
My fight with him makes me think I'm finally 'getting good' because he seemed a bit easier than even some of the mini bosses I've tackled.
I beat him today too! Such a cool fight. Drove me nuts a bit but tbh i look forward to seeing him in ng+ if this game has it.
Im there now. I can kill this boss but i keep missing on sweep like attack that drains me and then i get stuck in a corner and cant get out to heal. Literally one mistake 
Attack attack parry attack attack parry. Not that difficult of a boss
"Yeah, it looks so gorgeous, i dont really mind the fight being that gimicy"
"Yes, it feels like a gimmick fight done right. Yhorm was cool in DS3, but this is on a completely different level."
I can't beat phase 2 for shit. Fuck this game and the sadistic bastards that made it lol. I hope they have diarrhea for the rest of their life!
Next: buying a cock ring.
"I first read that as power Washington porn, and thought, wow what a weird fetish."
"FYI, I'm about to kill sephiroth for the 100th and somethings time. Literally just reached the point of no return in the northern crater."
"Ohhh, fuck. That’s always tough for me. I never want the ride to end, lol. Fucking love that fight, though."
I decided to play it with my characters having the skills associated with specific jobs from the games that used the job system. It was pretty fun play through this time. I'm going back to my save tomorrow to fight ruby and emerald.
"Ruby’s a dick. Emerald can be beaten pretty easily, though.

Helps when you pick up Omnislash on Disc 1."
I wouldn't consider gay porn as never working again
You look like a sex doll of Andrew Garfield
What was your job prostitution vise looks like a cheek bruise from some dick sucking trust me my brother got one
Turns out the gun show is just an empty warehouse.
Your monstrosity of a forehead almost distracted me from that atrocious hoodie/vest/whatever-the-fuck-it-is top.
Is freezer a code work for anal cavity?
Every time he sucks a dick he gets douchier
That’s the face you make when you just sent a dick pic to your mum for the 3rd time. Just full of regret.
"im guessing your forehead was the longest. after your job duration.
dick size is a close 4 inches"
"Guess you didn’t get the memo on the obesiity epidemic in America... when you sit on the toilet, I bet you have to hang on to the towel rack to keep from falling through your asshole and hanging yourself. You like a starving ass albino from Ethiopia with an Elvis wig on"
this is like if edward and bella from twilight had a baby girl but then she went trans but he still hasnt got a dick yet
You look like gay porn is in your near future.
"Normally I’d see something like this and say #goals but I think I could only run a 6-something min mile if a zombie was chasing me. Even then, I’m pretty strong so I think I’d be more inclined to stop running and just fight him 😂😂 Great job!"
I'll become a white naked man with a bazooka!!!!
"If they’re planning to kill everyone, I’m in nuke radius of the biggest navel base on the planet. 


If friendly, alien gf"
Find the nearest red tank with a laser gun.
"Equip myself. ""If it bleeds,I can kill it"""
"Find out of if they are fuckable hot aliens or destroy the world bad aliens.

Proceed from there if finding out this information didn't kill me."
"Carlton were a team that couldn’t beat anyone until 4 weeks ago, and now they’ve beaten Sydney... a team who absolutely pantsed the Eagles to kick off the turnaround of their season...   

It’s a weird year, but honestly, outside of the Gold Coast, it seems like anyone can beat anyone on the right day.   

The reason Gold Coast sits outside that group though, IMO, is their list. Everyone there is either young, or not great.   

Not saying they can’t win, but it’d be a boilover. Still, didn’t they go down and beat Sydney at the SCG from out of absolutely nowhere last year?   

I’m loving Carlton’s resurgence, but I would love a GC win today."
Judging by the score Worm this game has suffered a heart attack...
"Fuck, I'm stupid. *Investing the $1.2M vs rental income*. Early morning."
"Bail out, split the profits between US 1 month T-bills and Canadian treasury bonds (I'd go 60/40). You'll be set to get back in to whatever asset you like when there's blood in the streets.  
The sideline is a very quaint and relaxing place."
"No fuck no. I work in the film industry and deal with rich people (celebrities and actors). No no no, they have raging parties and get entitled more than average person. If they are renting it, they will care LESS about it because it's not their responsibility! They do not care if they get damage deposits back, that's toilet paper money to them. They are probably more likely to trash a place. Even if they pay for the damage, now you have to deal with fixing it. Ugh. 

The sweet spot would be people who are middle income and trying to build a nest egg of their own for buying property. People who actually want damage deposits back when they move out."
Recommending Subservient to someone is like a really passive aggressive way of saying go kill yourself. :p
"Well im not downvoting anyone on sight, just people being very very wrong (like Akstar >Esther), but phases for me were always connected to major gumi fuck ups, but now nothing is wrong (well few small things maybe but nothing major). Thats why im posting this. Something has changed..."
"I played the game hardcore for the first 6 months or so and then backed away for a few months. I couldn't get back into it because the on banner rate is insanely high and the better stuff can't be pulled if they're not featured in a banner. Which meant if you missed the train (which I did) for the character you wanted, then you had to wait several months. Which kind of pushed me away little by little."
"Hmmm. Maybe. Weren't we all reading recently about how millennials have the least amount of sex, despite Tindr, etc? I think that's the real interest. Depression is widespread. People aren't thinking about bringing kids into this world. I don't have children and I don't want them. I know a lot of others that feel the same way. The birth control just helps us avoid what we don't want. I guess it depends on what you see as more responsible--the contraceptive, or the will that drives its usage?"
Maybe decades of our parents and grandparents figuring out just how far they can kick the can down the road and absolutely fuck the future generations over without quite causing a revolution are finally backfiring......and also hurray safe sex and proper sex education!
How do they get the statistics of how many teenage girls are having sex?
Except if you had read the article it talks about how teens haven't reduced their rate of having sex.
Would the easy access to porn on the internet increase or decrease sexual activity throughout people?
"And here I thought people just stopped having sex.

/s"
"I don't think that he sleeps with them all anymore. He seems to have a rotating stable of girlfriends, who are way too young for him, but a *lot* of women appear in Playboy.  "
I'm confused. She committed a sex crime. Why aren't you calling for her head?
">I'm confused. ~~She~~ He committed a sex crime. Why aren't you calling for ~~her~~ his head?

Okay, what about now?"
Please don't shame everyone who works for playboy because one playmate is nasty. How does that help anything? 
"What's wrong with people? Maybe she has lost her sense of shame posing all the time for Playboy, but it does not give her a right to assume that other people have no problem having nude photos taken of them. 

It's so mean and inhumane... total lack of empathy."
That strongly reminds me of the things the judge in that Brock kid's rape trial said. 
"9/11

Upvote me or you're a terrorist."
"You're thinking of the word ""sex"" (and even then ""male"" and ""female"" aren't necessarily accurate 100% of the time). Gender is actually made up."
"Nothing like a good witch hunt to get the blood pumping, do they plan on burning him at the stake or just a hanging?"
"Lol, you feel cool now don't you. Burned me real good... So edgy, so fresh. It was obviously a joke cool guy. Settle your panties. I live in Australia anyway. No dog(aka hilLIARy) in this race. "
and with the vietnam war millions of civilians died. yeah but fuck them. at least your family is alive /s
"Just stop. The classic attack on feminism is that they're just upset because they're unattractive. How about we stop ranking people by how ""fuckable"" they are?"
"I did not know this, I was always told that we weren't supposed to use birth control because we were only supposed to have sex to make babies, and that didn't mean that we weren't supposed to have sex, we were just supposed to want to have tons of babies lol"
"If that was the Catholic Church's position they wouldn't teach NFP. The Church is fine with (encourages, really) sex not for procreation within the confines of marriage. It just takes the stance that contraceptives are too much an attempt to subvert God's plan.

I know it's a stupid and arbitrary line, but it's the one they drew."
"Waitwaitwait.

Seriously? As a matter of canonical law the Church is fine with (and encourages!) non-procreational sex as long as its within marriage? What the heck ever happened to Genesis 38:9-10?

The core philosophy of the Church since the medieval period has always been that sex is bad and ideally everyone should be abstinent and that the only acceptable sex is that which is A) within the confines of marriage and B) for the purpose of procreation. Every damn sexual regulation in the Bible is CLEARLY aimed at preventing non-procreative sex. What kind of half-assed reasoning are they using to justifying this complete 180 on recreational sex???"
"> What the heck ever happened to Genesis 38:9-10?

That's the justification for not permitting contraceptives. NFP leaves the *potential* for conception, so it passes muster.

>sex is bad and ideally everyone should be abstinent

That's specifically Paul's position, and even he admitted that most people weren't going to adhere to that and said it was fine."
"It's not against Gods will to have sex with your married partner whenever you want. It's against God's will to try to prevent a possible fertilization when you do have sex, whether through birth control, barrier methods, pulling out, or whatever. Having sex when you're naturally infertile or barely fertile due to your hormonal cycle without protection doesn't lessen the natural chance of fertilization, and thus, is fine."
"Guys who orgasm inside their girlfriends are totally irresponsible, and then some. No wonder you guys all owe child support! If you do, you are a loser too."
"Being we're investing most of our budget into schools, you'd think women and men would know the risks of having unprotected sex... or at least pay up when they make mistakes. Its times people be held accountable again. Way to long have people been babied at the expense of the taxpayers."
Or they think it's murder and that even one is too many.
"Neither end of the political spectrum wants small government, they want everyone to be like them and use government as the tool to make that happen. Conservatives want to bomb the planet, liberals want to give away the store, either way the public is paying more."
"I think the real core issue is ""sex without consequences"".  It's not just about abortion though, as this article states it's also about contraception - how long did it take to get the morning after pill OTC?  I remember that being a huge deal.

 I don't generally agree with abortion (and I lean conservative/republican) but I understand why it's necessary.  I just don't see how you can parade around limited government but also want to use that same government to limit other people's rights whether it's abortion,  marijuana, etc."
"Well classic answer 1 would be: men are always better anything else is a rare exception
2 they're getting hired only coz they're sex objects and obviously no one ever would see them as otherwise
3 you can always find a man just as qualified"
I think it's an evolutionary biology thing. Sex often comes with a much higher cost for females hence refusing to mate unless the males go out of their way to prove they're fit or committed like with being strong and building a nest etc
"But the wage gap, as presented ad nauseam, is demonstrably false. It's comparing all careers with each other. Many male dominated fields pay higher than many female dominated ones. It's litterally comparing engineers with teachers. Whereas, if you compare two people in the same field, with the same job, who have the same experience, yet with different genitals, the wage gap almost completely vanishes. And, even if it were true, how could a company get away with hiring men, when they could pay women 3/4 the money for the same work? Not to mention that it's illegal.

Also, for extra credit, how would you know if a rape went unreported... If it's not reported...

Why am I even on this sub? How did I get here? Damn it, Reddit."
"Someone needs to tell these people their own history. 

There was a very long history of women working outside the home, especially during the Islamic Golden Age.

I really think the best way to fight back against this would be to point out that Muhammad's (PBUH) wife Khadija was a merchant who worked outside the home, namely on trade routes going to Syria and Yemen, which, considering she was based in Mecca are really long distances, especially back then. They are not going to be able to come up with an explanation that is not complete Bullcrap.

This stuff among Muslims needs to stop. It seems that most of these people have forgotten their own history. Teaching of accurate history in the Muslim World needs to be a top priority. It will help deal with this bullcrap. "
"Can you give me an example of sexism against men that isn't a direct result of sexist ideas against women? Men lose custody battles because raising children is seen as the woman's job. Men get harsher prison sentences than women because again women should be home with the kids and women are seen as weaker. Men take on riskier jobs because women are seen as too dainty to handle it. Men aren't allowed to cry because women are the emotional ones. Men can't be raped because they're the ""stronger"" sex so should be able to fight off the ""weaker"" sex plus they're supposed to always want sex (toxic masculinity). It just seems to me that any perceived sexism towards men comes directly from the ideas that persist in our society because of sexism towards women."
"The problem with that though is that historically women have faced discrimination due to their sex (not being able to vote, not being able to own property or own a credit card). They are the ones that have been viewed as inferior to men and that's where this all stems from."
"It's like saying 'I am pedophile or racist but I never act on it in any way or form'.

It is still wrong. His opinion should not be respected."
"""I accept my neighbor's view on murder but I refuse to impose it on others."" You can take this to some absurd territory. That abortion is morally wrong is largely a matter of opinion and preventing it actually seems to have a net negative benefit for society. Taxation and regulation, to a degree, have been demonstrably positive and necessary. "
"How is it ridiculous? If you don't give the state your money for things you did not agree to, they will come to your house and lock you in a cage or kill you.

What if your neighbor decides you have to give them 10% of your income or be locked up? Your HoA? Your county? When does it become acceptable to steal people's money? "
It is called pro choice not pro abortion dumb dumb. No one should be for abortion unless I could go back in time and convince your mom to go ahead and make that difficult decision. I am going to call you pro birth since typical pro birthers just care about people giving birth but say fuck life after they are born. 
Right. Parents can do whatever the fuck they want with you.
"Two things: 

1. Fuck Walgreens for having such a poorly thought out and spineless policy

2. That pharmacist needs to find a new job. "
Maybe they should grow the fuck up and do their fucking job.
"i'm a pharmacist.  fuck this guy.  

grow up with your moral objections.  hope you are consistent because there is quite alot of shit that comes up that can conflict with anyone's morality.  

"
"What do these people actually want to achieve? Ban contraception, get more abortions. Ban abortions, get more unwanted children and teenage parents. Because going back to everyone having 8 children is a totally great idea. I just don't get their logic. I can understand their ethical issues, but if they take a realistic look, what is their endgoal? They must be aware that people aren't just gonna stop having sex. "
"I think its primarily ethical reasons like you mentioned. Joining or being part of a community that reinforces the idea that abortions and contraception is wrong, well of course they are going to argue against it. Such ideas go against the norms and ideas of right and wrong for their group.

To make an analogy, it would be like trying to create a no pants law. Imagine someone came up with the idea of a no pants law, citing sources and statistics that this no pants law can prevent disease and unwanted children. People not wearing pants would make things uncomfortable at the least, so of course there will be some that fight it, in spite of the benefits. Imagine the uncomfortableness of this situation multiplied by 10 for the concept of abortions. Thats why people fight it., because it goes against their values and makes them uncomfortable"
I don't think they want babies.  Their kind just wants sex.
"Lie. Look at terrorism. Used to be a lot worse. Now it's in the public eye. 

Kill 500 people ( not terrorists) We can change the constitution! 

Stab 3 people, but zero deaths (terrorist connections) Jesus Christ let's start another WAR!!"
"Exactly. Birth control is only good for deciding your future, sexual freedom, and bodily autonomy. 

And none of that helps punish sinners for having sex, so that's obviously no good.

/s"
Yeah it's mainly about punishing girls for having sex
I doubt that's it's promoting the birth rate of American babies but rather punishing people for having sex. The right is very Christian and christians are very anti-sex outside of marriage. 
Fuck the haters. Do you. Fuck em
"I think the point is to avoid terrorist attacks. Not sure it has much to do with women, tbh."
"Wow people.....
They never said the ban was imposed due to religion.
Everyone bringing up the islamic religion is providing their own information to the fight. 
Legally I can walk around completely covered up head to toe and wear a mask on top of that and eventually I guarantee somebody would complain and ask me to stop because it made them feel unsafe or whatever. 
It's human nature to feel threatened by someone who decides to cover their face. 

I'm not saying I agree with the ban but the comments are ridiculous and completely missing the point. "
"Or they believe it is murder..? But yes, birth control and education would help matters a lot."
Even if they did believe it's murder it would still make far more sense to spend the money on BC. That's one of the reasons I don't really believe that argument as if that was the true goal they already have a way to fix it. 
"If that were true, they'd surely want to do everything possible to prevent it, right? Including teaching sex education and making birth control accessible to more people? "
Maybe they should consider actually teaching kids about sex in schools.  Maybe informed people make better decisions about their health and sexuality?  Maybe Knowledge is power ???
"See if they're gonna go the whole ""murder"" route, I don't see why healthcare and improving the foster care system don't rise as priorities.."
They don’t have sex Ed in Texas?
"It is, but they specifically gut sex ed classes in states like this for the same reasons they defund and demonize planned parenthood.
They WANT uneducated kids to be born. That's their voting block there.
If they are minorities: then they are the problem, the welfare queens, the anchor babies, the potential terrorists.
If they are white kids, then they will feed them the fiction that being poor isn't their fault. It's someone elses, ""vote for us, we'll fix all your problems, and if we can't? Well, it's the Democrats fault!"".

That's the narrative the GoP has been pushing for awhile, and now it's not just a talking point, there's generations raised on that as doctrine, and they are now in control and pushing it even harder than ever before."
"Problem is, sexual harassment is not clear cut to everyone.  American society tells men that if a woman says no, she doesn't really mean it, she's just playing hard to get and he should try harder.  Just watch the movie Rocky...he's an American icon, but when you look at what he does to Adrian in his apartment...it's tough to watch and think he's someone we should root for."
"This was my point, rape is one of the most violent crimes you can commit. People Comparing it to sexual harassment (which is still terrible) are clearly trying to make it seem less than that "
"*people comparing it to sexual ~~harassment~~ assault...*

Edit: downvoted for using the correct term.

What Sen. Al Franken did would be considered sexual assault, because he physically touched that lady in a sexual and unwanted manner. "
"I'm waiting for this to happen with racism. My old supervisor used to call the Spanish speaking workers at my job Oompah Loompahs to their faces. Another time this woman called the only Asian working there, 'That chink bitch,' in the plant manager's hearing and nothing happened to her. And don't get me started on police harassment.

I want racism to get treated with the same level of seriousness as harassment and for people to abuse their positions to be fired."
"Not what I asked...and yeah, sex Ed in schools should be taken more seriously, but it's not like the United States is a century behind. It's very easy to obtain contraception and it had been for years. "
">It's very easy to obtain contraception and it had been for years.

If you have a parent that isn't a moron. I had to drag a friend to planned parenthood to get on the pill because her mother said and I quote ""I am not paying for you to have sex"" and hence wouldn't let her use her health insurance. This was after her dumbass sister had already gotten knocked up at 19. 

Birth control is very easy to get if you have money, control over your medical decisions and a car. Which group often is missing those items? And makes stunningly shitty heat of the moment decisions? "
"Oh yeah, I agree. 
But it is a fact that that’s something that happens. And teenagers having sex before they’re emotionally ready is unfortunately something that happens and probably always will. "
If you cant figure out a condom you shouldnt have sex.
"No, but thanks t to comprehensive sex ed and funding of clinics, it's very easy to get free condoms."
"Or it's neither...  kids just aren't having that much sex compared to the 60s/70s/80s. 
You guys love your fallacies."
"It's threefold:

* Lower frequency of sex (across all age groups)
* Later (and later) time of first sexual experiences
* Increased contraception use 
"
Hi. I don't abuse the Xanax proscribed to me. Nice to meet you. 
"I’m in the same boat - I get about 2 scripts per year for 15 each since 2015.  Not a regular need but when I get the random panic attack, often late at night or in the middle of the night, that little .25MG pill becomes my BFF. 

Each attack makes me feel lucky that it’s so infrequent for me when others deal with it daily. "
"I'm in a similar situation.  When I get a script for them it's usually 6 or so at a time.  I usually have to take them about one every 2-3 months.  Today was the first time in quite a long time I had to take one, usually I try to use other coping mechanisms before taking one but when you're about to have a panic attack in the middle of a Physics lecture, Xanax is a great thing to have."
"Interesting, A very similar effect was seen after the confirmation of justice Clarance Thomas amidst sexual harassment allegations.  Hopefully the trend continues"
"I agree, but it bums me right the fuck out that we had to go this low before folks could be bothered to care, learn, and act."
At risk of sounding like an ass.. fuck those specific pharmacists in particular!
"what the fuck. horrible people, wish you had looked up her license and reported her"
"No, it doesn't. Contraceptives should be available with no limitations to anyone capable of having sex. If pharmacies are only denying these services to people of a certain age (teenagers) then that would be discrimination based on age. There are laws barring minors from buying tobacco and alcohol, and for good reason. This is not the case for contraceptives. These are completely unrelated. Obviously age discrimination usually happens to older people, but to say it cannot happen to younger individuals is ignorant. "
"Churches are the main ones who lobby for statute of limitations for sex offenses. Seriously, why should there be a deadline on charging your rapist or molestor?!?!? Oh, because a church spent money to help get that law passed.... "
"The Vatican's *official* position is that the victims *were just asking for it* and *it's their fault not the abusers fault*..... this is the same religion that thought that they could grant you a place in heaven if you fought/killed for them in the crusades..... yeah God is not going to be a happy camper with a lot of religious ppl.. ffs you have Muslim's that attack/kill Jews AND Christians in their ""jihad/holy war"" which is pitting the same God against himself..... ya that is not gonna work out to well."
My mother developed PTSD and various addictions after she was molested by a priest. Fuck the church. This is the exact opposite of what their God would’ve wanted
"Seems about right. My interactions online would lead me to believe that both the right and the left are filled with blood thirsty extreme it’s, while my irl interactions are far more tame. 

Of course I doubt I’m the perfect person to have a conversation with online. "
"One of these days I plan on writing a book called ""Women are from Earth, and Men are too."" Which would highlight all the forced differences we've placed in interactions between people when it comes to gender and sex which has caused us to dehumanize each other. I feel it is related to this because I think humanity's natural belief/state is one of feminism but humanity has lied to itself about what feminism is and its goals to create unnecessary conflict."
"I don't either. But, the potential for violence is a good regulator against behavior that is less than civil."
"> A law that restricts the actions of women from doing actions a man would be allowed to do is unconstitutional.

Maybe in your country, but the U.S. courts have not struck down all laws that differentiate men and women by anatomy. Rape laws are another example where some states define rape purely in terms of penetration such that sometimes only people with vaginas can be raped, sometimes only people with penises can commit rape, etc. based on the wording of the law. States are slowly changing them, but none of the old laws that define it on anatomy have been struck down by the courts, AFAIK."
"only in public, and only because our puritanical roots influenced our culture so that we, as a whole, have a hard time viewing female breasts any way other than sexually.  Culturally, we've got some pretty big hangups about the human body and human sexuality."
"They didn't say all within were, just that it gives shelter to the abusers. That's certainly true. The whole idea of confession is dangerous. People must be held accountable, not absolved by magic for a tithe. Religion has always enabled abuse by claiming a higher power above the law.
"
"New doctor time.  I hate male Gynos.  I swear they are idiots.  Make jokes about how to spell [infectious wounds] pussy...  to interns in the room while you’re in stirrups - give you drugs that are on your chart as “allergic” because maybe you just don’t know if you’re allergic -  that kind of moronic crap.  

Only female gyno for me these days. Not trying to be rude, but I’ve had to engage with 4 males working in gyno and all have been blatant chauvinistic idiots. 

Edit:
To the assumedly male gyno I offended (that voted me down). Perhaps you should take this as some customer feedback and work with your brethren to improve your level of patient interaction and service. "
What would that have helped with though? A separation order isn't going to stop a murder from killing someone. There is nothing that could have been done short of preemptively locking him up based on her fears that he may do something. 
is this a clear time for that? as far as I could tell there had been no threat of physical violence ahead of the murder. now I could be wrong about that so please correct me if there was.
"Ladies, go get trained and get a concealed carry if you ever date and subsequently break up with a psycho. 

A gun is the ultimate equalizer. 

Encourage your friends to train and get licensed when they break up with a psycho, too. 

As a woman who knows guns, I’ve spent nights at my girlfriends’ houses b/c their exes were unhinged but there aren’t enough of me to go around so everyone needs to consider learning to protect themselves. "
"because murdering someone doesn't come with the threat of the legal system being involved?

If you're going to murder someone, I don't think a piece of paper is going to stop you. "
This exactly why we need emergency gun violence restraining orders (GVROs). 
Was he not violating his parole and a sex offender?  Shouldn't that be an indicator that LE should get involved?
"I'll be going on accutane here in a couple of weeks and it requires being on birth control, my dermatologist didn't even take a blood pressure check before telling me ""You still use CVS? Great, I sent a prescription for ortho tricyclin to them for pickup.""  He didn't even ask me what brand or method I preferred just woop there's your Rx!"
"I'm all for women's health issues being one myself, but birth control is not without its potentially life threatening risks. I know several women who could not take bc pills due to high blood pressure and risk of blood clots. Your doctor, physician assistant or nurse practitioner should be involved in these decisions as well as a pharmacist. "
Who will people sue when they develop a blood clot in their leg and/or have pulmonary embolism.... the pharmacist or the politician?
"Yeah. Minors cannot agree to sex acts or be involved in a legally binding contract. This is soliction of a minor, rape, and probably a few other charges. "
"Then their sister should be the one on trial. No adult man gets a pass for soliciting sex from minors, my opinion isn’t changing. They are kids, not adults."
The judicial system's handling of sex crime continues to amaze me... 
Ok fuck this judge. I read another thread about this case and all the comments were anecdotal stories about slutty opportunistic tween girls. I'm not saying they don't exist. It's just real fucking simple you don't  have sex with them and you don't pay for sex with them. Period. These are kids we are talking about not 30 year old women. 
"The fuck does that have to do with anything? There's a reason there's an age restriction on sex, and that's supposed to be so that this argument shouldn't matter and that they are, by law, too young to consent regardless. "
"Even if those kids were prancing around in pasties and g-strings it wouldn't matter.

Under the law an adult is the responsible one and should never, ever have had sex with children.
"
"I think it's hilarious that you are trying to paint all ""religious"" people with one brush. There are both Christian and non-christian denominations that recognize same sex marriage. Your ignorance is showing."
Controlling women and punishing them for having sex 
180 hours??? How the fuck did she do it? 
How the fuck does anyone not notice that she was working those shifts? That's an insane level of incompetence  on her employers part.
Poor Yumiko. Someone that fine shouldn’t have to kill themselves. 
"Lol - no doctor I know wants to be unionized. Cap their earnings? No thanks. 


In fact, no professional I know would want a union. I've worked all sorts of crazy hours - regular 100 hour weeks, 300+ billable hour months, ~45 days without a day off, etc. - hell, when I was articling, my friends who were doing their residencies acknowledged my schedule was way more fucked up than theirs. There's no fucking way I'd want a union. 


Professionals choose these occupations knowing that it gets better and that it (literally) pays off in the end. When you start out, the more you work, the more you learn. And now the more I work, the more I earn. You think I want a union restricting me to 40hrs / week? Fuck that. "
I'm curious to know what his opinions on same sex marriage are.
See the link above.  The person making this quote supported same-sex marriage.
"So you’re saying two 17 year olds are old enough to have sex and a baby, but not get married?  I think that is where it bogged down, at least that is what the article implies."
"It’s more like what is realistic. Whatever your views on seventeen year olds having sex, it is always gonna happen, and sometimes they will get pregnant. I don’t think seventeen year olds are old enough to get pregnant, but it’s gonna happen. 

Child marriages, on the other hand, are very easily avoided."
"Went to catholic school all the way up to high school. Our 7th grade social studies teacher was fired for molesting girls in our class. He started out on AIM being all sexual and gross, then sent dick pics, then massages in his office started to happen. School kept it quiet and got rid of him."
"Yeah. I got married and had two kids over the last 5-years. My mother in law is adamant that we must get our kids baptized. I tell her, when a week passes where the church is not defending themselves for horrible current or past abuse, I will schedule to get it done... Keeping my kids away from the church should be a big priority for any parents, given all the nasty shit that has been uncovered over the years."
I'm confused. How are women supposed to know that sex is shameful and sluts should be punished if we just let them get away with having sex that doesn't result in a mandatory birth?!
"I live in the Bible belt, and none of the churches do this! As a matter of fact they celebrate sex inside the covenant of marriage!"
Raised Catholic here. According to the Catholic Church birth control is a sin because there is no reason to have sex other than to procreate. It also imposes as “emotional” (?) barrier between the spouses.
Someone should tell them they don't have to have sex. In fact I think we would all appreciate it if they didn't.
We care more about keeping kids off welfare. Fuck the parents.
"It's the Catholics. The official position is that God should determine when you're going to have children, not you. They also say that the rhythm method is okay and that it's wrong to try to get gay men to use condoms. It makes me think they're okay with the ineffective rhythm method in order to trick married straight couples into conceiving and that they're using the fear of STIs to try to get the rest of us to stop having sex."
"So by this logic, free guns for everyone will cut down on violence more than strict gun control laws, right?"
"Eh, parents care and we should care, to a degree.

Sex has risks and can lead to more than just good times. I think it is prudent to educate and help mitigate the risks and bad outcomes of sex. Not just all in or all out."
"No because masturbation is an action men choose to perform, while the egg is produced without any conscious input, like hair growth"
"There is an argument to be made that continuing pregnancy is a choice, given the regimen of drugs, folic acid supplements, extra food, and exercise we add, as well as the alcohol, tobacco, other drugs, sex, hot tubs, and foods we give up."
I've heard conservatives say that this is not a good comparison since the life in the sperm is only created when two people have sex. What do you think about this?
"Well, according to the bill, you'd have to wait at least 24 hours and read lots of exciting leaflets and did I read somewhere else get permission from your wife? To have a vasectomy, so they should be much harder for men to access anyway, so worry not!

As to the old I was just cleaning it, according to the article, any emission outwith a vagina or licensed medical facility, so accidental or no, you're fined.

In all seriousness, she has put far more effort into thinking this out than most people are giving it after they've read about it for something she's doing just to make a point. Parody or not, you have to give her some points for effort!"
"You either ask her out or don’t. What you don’t do is make her some villain who is manipulating you for friendship, or decide she owes you anything more than friendship.
If she rejects you you don’t have to stay friends with her, but if you “friend dump” her because it isn’t leading to sex and romance, it kind of indicates that the friendship part was never really a big priority."
"I totally agree with everything you’ve said. In college (in retrospect) there were a lot of guys who were my friends. Years later when I got married and they all disappeared, I figured out that they weren’t there to be my friends, before that I had no clue. 

To all you guys out there, being “friends:” Tell the object of your affection, ask them out. Women are not mind readers. The most attractive quality in a person is being attracted to you. Many of those guys could have been in a relationship with me back then but seemed interested in only being my friend."
"It may suprise you, but sexual assault is not the only way to communicate sexual and romantic interest."
"I noticed that most posts here don't have TL;DR so thanks for that!

Also that kind of ""nice guy"" behavior is really gross, being nice and friendly to someone just because you want to fuck them. Instead of having these ulterior motives, just be honest and get it over with."
She can wear fucking fluorescent flashing nipple tassels if she wants. She can choose to wear whatever she likes. Her message still stands true.
Dogs and cats dont have souls...should we kill them when they aren’t convenient.
"I agree with you, child services should take kids from their mother in cases like this.
And if by any case they kill someone because they refuse to vaccinate, they should be charged with Biological Terrorism. People like this should be made an example of.

This sounded a lot less like a dystopian scenario in my head..."
I noticed that as well. Like what the fuck are they giving or not giving to their kids that causes kidney failure?
This person could be beaten to death with their own shoes and I'd call it a win.
Autism according to.... to...... fuck
"Fuck that, he could have seen 5 patients in the time that took to do that. Do you know how much money he lost? 

'Murica."
"No fuck y'all, this is a standard."
I can hear Adam Savage pulling his hair out
"This has to be fake. Kill me if it isn’t, I am done with this world, and my fam doesn’t get any money if I do it myself."
"They think anti-vaxxers take their kids to the doctors? Nah they can heal a broken bone with essential oils, unicorn blood, and voodoo chants. "
Reading this makes me up extremely fucking mad. Like holy fuck.
"Fuck that's sad. Fuck antivaxers!
I hope the respondant mother (of the child who passed away) finds peace."
"well, fuck. I googled it to get you an answer and it was more than one country this has happened in. I think this particular case is the Serbian one though. "
At what point is it legal to shoot them on sight? I don't even have kids but daaaaamn boiii 
The fuck did I just read? 
Is there a subreddit for people I will shoot without any remorse
"I'd tell anti-vaxxers to kill themselves, but they are already doing it."
Fuck me I laughed at that image
For a minute I thought she was saying that a vaccine caused her husband to get a second degree burn. I wouldn’t be surprised if someone thought that was possible. 
"""We went to the emergency services and they told us my husband had a second degree burn. We belive them, but we don't want to use their medication""
Antivaxx logic 11/10"
Growing up in hell we didnt need vaccines. We used the disease as torture
Someone has a God complex.    What a dick.  
"But how does she know the kid doesn't have one of those ailments without testing them for degenerative neurological diseases?

Or an MRI to check for tumors, etc.

Feels like a shotgun blast to kill a mosquito."
"^^^ exactly. doctors are right until they’re not. then they don’t take any responsibility for it. I’m not an antivaxer and don’t even have kids, but the truth is there are a lot of contradicting studies out there.

 No one is trying to kill their kid or kill other people’s kids. Every parent is TRYING to do the right thing. It makes it a lot more difficult to do the “right” thing when there are doctors and scientists on either side of the fence. "
"I don’t know either? It was a genuine compliment... sorry if you thought I was being a dick, not my intent at all!"
This hurts. Who can I hire to kill me?
"who knows, we might even be able to use the immune ones' blood to help further research for a vaccine"
Balto didn’t do shit and can go fuck himself
I wouldn't be surprised if the circle that contains all flat earthers HEAVILY overlaps with anti-vaxxers fwiw. Same logic. Just one doesn't kill.
"They’re closed anti-vaxx Facebook groups. When one person sees something, they post it for all the others to go to the post and bombard them with abuse. Whenever I see this happening I contact the person to tell them."
"See, this is what I don't get: who do they expect to fund these studies? Clinical trials are expensive as fuck. Who should have to foot the bill for those, if not the company that's attempting to bring a product to market?

All clinical trials are proposed to, and reviewed by, the FDA (or equivalent regulatory body) before they even start. They're subject to oversight at every step of the process, and the results are thoroughly reviewed before they can be published. "
"Let's just quarantine antivax people until they get vaccinated.  
Want to travel the world?  
Nope, we're not going to let you kill people. Get your shots and you can go, though."
Can we get an F for all of the triggered Anti-Vaxx parents that had a heart attack knowing that their kids are defying them now?
"There was a Facebook post making the rounds years ago where a nurse bragged about how she scheduled the shot for herself, got the paper that ""proved"" she'd made the appointment, and just never showed up to get the shot.  She was so proud of herself that she didn't have to wear masks around patients in the pediatric cancer ward - because ""they need to see a smiling face"" 

This is one of the few cases where my rage screamed DOX THIS BITCH NOW"
"yeah you don’t know how it works, fuck off"
"only took a measles epidemic for companies to see how serious of a threat anti-vaxxers are... 

Better late than never? "
"As someone with autism, i feel those people might want to kill me sometimes"
"If it's any consolation, these idiots want to kill their non-autistic kids as well"
Are you kidding? They literally kill their own kids
This changes everything- I'm getting my vaccinations reversed. Fuck paying bills! 
"Fuck me thats smart, where can i get one?"
"humans should not hold themselves to the same standards that we hold animals to.

if that were true then it would be perfectly acceptable to mass slaughter humans for meat"
"I hope she sues the fuck out of them. Very easy to find them - check list of passengers and track down which one had measles. I don’t give a fuck about someone’s right not to be tested - they forfeited that when someone else got sick. Will celebrate if that ‘parent’ gets their child taken away and brought somewhere safe. 

Fuck these people. Mandatory vaccinations, or you’re not allowed to live in US. Zero tolerance."
"A little while ago I would be thinking “it’s the US, I’m safe.”

Until they came here.

Fuck you, antivaxxers. You proud of yourselves?"
Why the fuck are people lying like this? I see it all the time in my home country...
When measles crosses the blood brain barrier it has a mortality rate of 30-40%
"Even better, a bomb shelter."
Is there a bomb shelter I can wear around town?
He should kill the measles with radiation
Get the fuck out of here.
"OR! they could let all unvaccinated kids go one and the same school and no vaccinated ones, so they all can kill eachother. The parents can be teachers aswell so that they die also."
"I found this part of the song sort of angering, Hitler was originally from Austria, most of the original people attracted were of Austrian descent, and Germany was forced to submit when many cities were held at gun point.
Most ethnic Germans in the military had their families threatened and held hostage to keep them fighting.

So in reality WW2 is Austrias fault."
Finally I can get out my swastika flag and kill every jew again. And the earth is flat.
"Asked this before and I’m gonna ask this again; Who the actual fuck makes these? Seriously, these are always in the exact same style, preaching the exact same retarded ideology. Is it a group of artists or just one guy?"
Hey this might work for the first part but how the fuck do we get them to the doctor with vaccines
"The gay will kill em faster than measles

/s"
"It may not kill them physically, but it will kill their souls

/s"
Fuck I dont want to catch the black
Fuck I'll do it for $10 and a pb&j
My brother is an anti vaxer. He was pissed when my parents and sisters family could come ovrr and see our newborn son but his unvaxinated kids could not. Fuck that shit though.
They also kill anyone else that is allergic to vaccines?
"Yes, hes extremely right-wing, i think he tried to make trump attractive before."
I remember a post complaining about him having a wife and asking who would fuck his carrot dick
"Holy fuck I didn't realize Benny here could go THIS low, I thought he was just a racist shitbag, not a complete and utter moron."
"The only good Ben Garrision comic I've seen is an edited one where the grim reaper is labeled ""sans undertale"" and the guy is like ""no thanks, I'm gonna fuck the skeleton"""
I think I just popped a blood vessel in my brain I'm so mad right now.
Ah ok fuck the government for that I suppose
"Well, fuck corporations and big agribusiness for doing it, and fuck the government for not looking out for its citizens and keeping an eye on amoral corporations."
Bummer they had to remove Massive Attack’s “Teardrop” as the theme song.
If you have sex with someone who’s vaccinated.. has that been linked to autism?
"I got chicken pox at 19-20? Because my mom didn’t vaccinate me. 
I wouldn’t wish this on anyone

My mom’s reaction 
“I didn’t know you can end up in the hospital for chicken pox” 

Fuck You mom

Edit : thanks for silver 💕"
"They may not have been exposed to it enough to catch when they were younger. It's not a built in time bomb, it's a disease you have to be exposed to.

And some people don't develope full immunities from vaccines. Or the immunity wears off sooner than ideal. Which is why you caught chicken pox after being vaccinated and why I have to take the MMR vaccine. Immunities aren't binary, it's not that you are immune or you're not. Immunities are a spectrum."
"I mean, I get all the vaccinations I can (I literally got two more yesterday) and I *do* have ADHD, but I'd rather have that than get a preventable disease that could fuckin *KILL ME* and harm the people I love."
So proud of her! Teens fighting the good fight and not putting up with their parents bullshit 👍
"The only controversy is the same as the controversy regarding the HepB vaccine:  ""My child isn't having sex!"""
"If my parents told me that bs I would go get the shot, tell them and start dressing like a hoochie momma for a day. Just to fuck with them lol"
"First off I'm %100 vaccinate your kids. But when this came out it was marketed as a vaccine for cancer, not as a vaccine for an STD. 

I do understand that some people think that teens don't have sex so they don't need it.  

I also get it that if they had of said ""Hey Dumbass your kids are going to boink like bunnies protect their crotches"" they wouldn't have sold as many."
A close family member contracted throat cancer from the HP virus and almost died. We were very lucky we didn't lose him. His partner had per-cancerous lesions on her cervix which require painful excision.  The cancer appeared years after the initial exposure to the virus. Parents who object to this vaccine are living in denial that their child will ever have sex. Human beings have sex. You did the right thing for yourself. Cervical cancer is a horrible disease and it's monstrous to treat. Had the vaccine been available when my children were young I would have insisted upon it.
Because I'm obviously going to have a bunch of sex after I get it because I won't get HPV 🙄
"You know sharks are in water and they kill people, I know a kid who drowned, and I know a women who drank water and died. Coincidence? I think not! Their is one thing all these things have in common water. Whatever you do stay away from Water. You should drink eucalyptus oil and bathe in bleach because Water kills."
The moto projector mod is cool as fuck.
"*hugs phone* don't listen to the child murder, you're not a bad phone"
They don't want to kill them.  Just give them autism.
Didn't know a Jerusalem native born named Jesus had European facial structure and skin tone. Interesting as fuck.
"It's going to be like an Always Sunny opening.

""there are hundreds of us, he can't kill off an entire town!""

*The Mexican druglord kills an entire town*"
What comes of blood for blood? 
Usually you don't kill your bargaining chip.
Coming this summer a new movie staring Tom Hanks love held hostage
They should kill her anyway/ 
Global politics isn't a dick measuring contest
Donald Trump is the bomb! 
"Not really. Russia's military strength is it's nukes, beyond that they aren't a real threat to a first world nation, let alone NATO."
Over threw 20+ democratically elected governments. Supported leaders committing mass murder. Destroyed dozens of innocent countries for oil profits. Fund and support terrorists. Sold weapons to both sides of the conflict so they would destroy them selves. Sold chemical weapons to tyrants and instructed the tyrants where to use them. Oh god I can go on forever.  
"You didn't provide any sources for any of your claims.

What you're referring to as ""overthrowing"" governments was active containment of the Soviet Union, which was far more dangerous to the world than anything you've apparently experienced.

You don't seem to know your history. Who committed mass murder? What terrorists? Which sides? Where are the oil profits? All profits after Iraq have gone to the Russians, Iranians and the Chinese. What chemical weapons?

I would advise you to read more books and exaggerate less."
What the fuck is this?  You want people to willingly go on food stamps to support themselves while they invent a product or create their own job?  Fuck you!
Seeing PragerU and Koch funded Youtube ads makes my blood boil sometimes.
"That is not what lobbyists do. Stop hating lobbyists, that idea is dangerous as fuck"
"""We believe the terrorists got in through the router, then used it as a makeshift bomb."""
"> found panels on the exterior of the block had not provided the required fire resistance

Coming to a city near you soon!

Developers are buying these panel products direct from China. They don't comply to standards and many buildings are going up for which it's only a matter of time before they burn.
"
Yeah fuck those people who work at Twitter amirite? It's not like they need jobs.
"haha, right? The fuck was his statement even thinking? ""Yea, let's crush the economy just a little more!"""
It will be finding out all the things they bought and account for breaking their TOS by inciting violence and bullying.
"Its weird, because one would think that this should be one issue were they would be on the same page as the rest of the country. Fucking, when porn sites have the moral high ground WRT net neutrality, one would assume the Trumpsters would introspect a bit."
they will get the idea when where they have nowhere to shoot from
"turns the populous against the cause, now im nto saying we carpet bomb the Gaza strip but its our money every time that dome goes off "
So mass slaughter is your solution? Get out of here.
"Mass slaughter? Nah, just guaranteed death for the terrorists and complicit defenders unless they are given up or give themselves up.

Let their own people butcher them or face death for sheltering them from justice."
"The US had the same problem in North Korea. After literally leveling every city, town and village there was nothing left standing to bomb. "
"Nah, that's Hamas' success because it was part of their plan: They were fully expecting civilian deaths when they purposely hid weapons in schools/hospitals and launching rockets from heavily populated areas. IDF actually ""knocked"" on the buildings before sending in the real bombs, but Hamas didn't give a single fuck about their own people and used them as shields."
or... you know. People who dont want to lose every single belonging they have because you dropped a bomb on their house.
"But what would that objective be?

It's not like they could just get in, kill all terrorists and go back home with all problem solved"
"How the fuck would I know? It’s your hypothetical. 

If I had to guess, I’d imagine it’s:

 1. Fuck shit up
 2. Leave. "
"""Fuck you I got mine"" is lately the motto "
"> ""Fuck you I got mine"" is ~~lately~~ always the motto 

FTFY"
"fuck, the cat!!! (comma essential)"
Crock of shit. The possessor doesn't necessarily mean he/she's the killer. I collect bones and skulls and other interesting artifacts and I have never killed for them. I just fancy them. Fuck the Kenyan government.
"We need severely harsher punshiment for ecological crimes. Why is the murder of one person penalized so harshly, but the death of thousands barely makes it passed headlines."
"Under what ill serving definition? Encouraging someone boycott businesses with bad practices is ""extremism""? Do you even know what the word means? An extremist would say to burn down their offices, or kill members of the company. I am simply saying don't do business with them. Do you even care what the words mean that you use or are you just attempting to vilify me so you don't have to do the work of actually thinking for yourself?"
But I can't delete Facebook! How else will I know if someone I haven't talked to since high school is having pork chops for dinner? I'd also never see that Uncle Dick found some compelling new evidence (in meme form) that school shootings are all faked as an excuse for the government to take our guns and keep us from using them to fight past their defenses at the edge of the flat world!
Dumbass liberals.  You’d let anyone fuck you over.
"I don't believe why there's still US politicians that want a war with Iran. I mean for fuck sake, it's not a small country with a small military. 

Attacking Iran directly the same way the US did with Iraq would be absolutely horrible for them. 


It's Iraq and Afghanistan on steroids."
"Israel and the West sure as fuck do have airplanes..

And surface to air missiles can also be used as surface-to-surface missiles"
Fine with me. Let them fight their own battle. They can do whatever the fuck they want. They just shouldn't be getting US tax money anymore. 
Confirmation of planned premeditated murder. 
bull shit. Just like that journalist who was sniped for absolutely fuck all right? 
What about ensuring their right to peacefully assemble...? Should damage to property or violence break out the perpetrators and instigators alone (no matter which side) should be held to account. 
"> What on earth does ""reaonable grounds"" even mean?

It means if they are being attacked they should defend themselves.

> I then point out that Israel defending its border has nothing to do with the right to peacefully assemble. 

Which I agreed to.

> Palestinians have no right to peacefully assemble in Israel without Israels consent. 

Exactly, which is why I suggested that Israel ensures their right to peacefully assemble (i.e. peaceful protest) in Israel. If they do this they can also provide security to limit any instances of violence."
"> It means if they are being attacked they should defend themselves.


You mean like if a violent mob illegally crosses the border? But no, they should defend their border from everyone who is not allowed to cross it.


> Which I agreed to.


Then why did you bring it up if you agree it's completely irrelevant? 


> Exactly, which is why I suggested that Israel ensures their right to peacefully assemble (i.e. peaceful protest) in Israel. 


What? What do you mean ensure their right to peaceful protest in Israel? They have no right to protest in Israel, or even *be* in Israel, just like I don't have a right to protest, or be, in your living room."
"LOL this is not a protest on the street ! they tried to breach the border and kill Israeli people !! 

"
"Isis or Syria should just start dropping leaflets too before they kill protestors or journalists or any innocent people, seems to give Israel carte Blanche rights to slaughter "
If you defend mass murder I hope you find the psychological help you need.
What the fuck are you talking about? Are you saying if it was a crude drawing of a butthole spewing shit it would be any more appropriate? You don’t have the right to make other people beholden to your bodily functions just because it’s natural doesn’t mean it’s not gross wtf.
"I'm sure they'd censor it if it were a non-menstruating female, or if it were a similarly-drawn male.  It's drawn at about the same skill level as ""fuuuuuu guy,"" for fuck's sake."
I was on the magazines side until I seen the cover. What the fuck. The artist that drew that should be kicked out of the school if their major is anything related to drawing or designing. The school was doing that person a favor. If that’s the best you could create you would have been better of finding a picture of an actual human on their period and using that. 
I wonder if you’d have the same tone if it was a dude’s hairy taint instead of a pussy.
"Your lack of a reaction to having other people’s genitalia in your face is not an indication of your maturity or lack thereof.

Not being able to recognize that other people may not want crude sexually explicit displays in their public space, however, does."
look up the difference between gender and sex
Fuck off no one cares
"Don't fuck with Mother Nature too much, or else she'll have you eaten. "
Fuck those motherfuckers. Those lions are all good boys and girls. 
">Don't fuck with Mother Nature Too much

Is there an acceptable amount of fuckery?"
"Fuck those motherfucker tiny-dicked Chinese and SouthEast Asian men. Fuck them with a shrapnel dildo that deposits ground glass in their rectum and kills them painfully.
And fuck the hunting apologists too."
"South African here. I get the sense that most native Chinese couldn't give a fuck about the environment and particularly biodiversity and that for them progress is measured in tall skyscrapers and whether one had the latest gadgets. 

How else does one explain the rapatious appetite for rhino horn, and lion bone?

A lot of education is needed, especially to the younger generation who will hopefully stop these backwards practices which have absolutely no basis in science."
"To be fair, that's gotta be one of the easiest ways to get away with murder. Just shoot the guy and leave him for the lions."
"...okay?  It's known to all that there is something more to Russia and Trump's relationship than what appears on the surface.  However, no, not every person who's communicated with a facet of Russia is a full-fledged FSB agent.  I agree with most of his response; people are so pumped up on ""fuck Trump"" that they're angry about bullshit things about his administration both real and imagined.  Please, for the love of fuck, can y'all do me a favor and not upvote things until they're properly investigated?  Claims and allegations, especially when they aren't coming from multiple sources are baseless and arbitrary.  
  
"
"Looks like his name is Yevgeny Prigozhin. The man's name is Yevgeny Prigozhin, and he finances the Wagner group of paid mercenaries to kill journalists, and he runs the Russian propaganda machine that fucked us up. Yevgeny Prigozhin.

It's Yevgeny Prigozhin."
Perhaps we should kill all of these bad people (killers) before they end up killing all the good people (journalists).
Who the fuck would downvote this?
Good. More people to murder via Whatsapp. What a great progressive country. 
"The new model is to publish the information of the attack almost right away. Russian trolls and hackers operate in secret. Publishing attempted attacks, in theory,  deters future attempts because of the media frenzy it will cause. It’s a new strategy so let’s see if it will work. "
"Ahh the good ol DNC, if only any of us could trust a word that comes out of this groups mouth.

You fucks made us have Trump as president!  You could have told Hilary to fuck off and taken the more popular and actually electable candidate but no.  You had to have your lizard devil, and now we have Trump.  Thanks."
"What was the lie? They detected a cyber attack and reported it to the FBI.  They didn't know where it came from because the group that was performing it never notified them.  They never said it was Russia, Microsoft found a Russian attempt on 3 campaigns earlier that was actually Russia."
They make a valid point. DNC really doesn't seem to give a fuck about Michigan.
This pleases Jeff “KEEBLER AS FUCK” Sessions
Canadians can exhale to the South and Mexicans to the North and watch the murder rate drop down to nothing. 
">Leading Britain off a cliff and cheating their own people while they are at it.

It's almost as if these leave-voting money-grubbing pro-business Tory leaches know how much easier it will be to fuck everyone over without the EU getting in the way."
"The biggest sign of a competent politician is the ability to fuck people over and get a ""thank you may we have another"" back."
"> It's almost as if these leave-voting money-grubbing pro-business Tory leaches know how much easier it will be to fuck everyone over without the EU getting in the way.

Odd, given how many Tories supported Remain..."
Fuck politicians. We need a politician-free world.
"It’s about time the mug British public started telling the government to fuck off, a few more riots wouldn’t go down a miss, Englands become a shit hole because of government policies, while these shit heads get paid large salaries.

I’d hang the lot of em 😡."
"""And I brought you into a plentiful land to enjoy its fruits and its good things. But when you came in, you defiled my land and made my heritage an abomination."" Jeremiah 2:7

Also, ""Whoever is righteous has regard for the life of his beast, but the mercy of the wicked is cruel."" Proverbs 12:10"
"nah fuck that. we need war , climate disaster and hopefully end of mankind "
"They do? Since when? The Democrats I see are fighting tirelessly for mental health, smart gun legislation, healthcare, education, raising taxes on the wealthy, creating new jobs for the middle class, taking care of the environment, and, yes, they find the time to treat refugees like people -- a concept foreign to Republicans when it comes to refugees... Or the poor, or the middle class, or minorities, or women, or anyone that isn't old, white, male, conservative, or a corporation..."
"Hey, they didn't kill her, chop off her limbs with bone saws and dissolve the body parts in acid. What are you crying about? And even if they did all that to her, what do you think rest of the world would've done? Sell a few more newspapers, a few more ads, and move on?"
"It's not a sin to be gay in Catholicism. It's a sin to have sex out of wedlock and a sin to have sex when it's not for the purpose of procreation. You can be gay in Catholicism, so long as you don't have sex or to have sexual thoughts; the latter applies to straight people also. 

This is more reasonable than 'being gay is a sin' but still pretty lame."
"The Pope should excommunicate him just as a """" fuck you too dude"". "
"Oh look, the daily mail....fuck off. "
"But some things you can't ever consent to, or if you do consent, it doesn't make it less of a crime.

I'm thinking paying someone to murder you type of thing. I doubt anything like that applies here to be honest."
More like fuck your dismal reading comprehension.
The fuck is happening to the world?  My friends and I were interested in getting secret beers when we were teens.
"This. You kid, but they can easily use the book of Revelation to kill most of us and the right will happily go along because ""the bible said this would happen during the end times before Jesus' return!"""
"You guys don't see the grand plan!

Secretly give them Weapons of Mass Destruction

""Oh No! A Terrorist attack happened in America I bet it was them Desert Folk!""

US Invades

""Look! See We told you they had WOMD! Now we can use ours!""

????

Profit!

**/s**
"
Wait whoa whoa whoa what the fuck what the fuck 
"As an anti-vaxxer I respect the right of pro-vaxxers to vaccinate their children. If you infringe upon my rights however you're gonna be staring down the barrel of my gun, locked and loaded."
"MY right now to have the government forcefully inject anything into me or my children. I'd go to war and kill to defend that right, perhaps dying in the fight.

There are many reports of hospital nurses injecting children and elderly with vaccines on unrelated visits when the parents and other family aren't looking because they signed a medical treatment consent form."
"Fuck the Russian government, equal parts mafia and authoritarian. "
"what a cluster fuck 

&#x200B;"
"Abe and his government can go fuck themselves. No one craves whale here. If the media would say ""no more whale meat, ok?"" Not a single of the TV worshipping drones would object. 

The younger generation? 
Not a problem. They didn't grow up during the post war ""hard times"".  No romanticism  to eating that. For those who have eaten it?
Let me tell you:

It doesn't taste that great.  "
Leave only footprints. Shoot only pictures. Take only memories.
"There are some experts on the subject of whaling in Japan who announce that the departure of Japan from the International Whaling Commission is good news. That is because Japan has not respected this agreement and due to its traditions, it continued killing those beautiful animals of the marine world. At least Japan is being honest.

The decision of Tokyo is a provocation in the eyes of Australia and New Zealand, outraged by the annual Japanese expeditions to Antarctica.

Surely that should not be the case. Something must be done since the threat of disappearance of some species is a reality.

&#x200B;"
"Trump: DRILL BABY DRILL

Trump Supporters: YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

The World: SHUT.  THE. FUCK. UP. YOU. IDIOT(s)!"
The only reason they say that is because in his manifesto he says his closest political views was with China. However like 2 pages later he says that he wants to kill communists/marxists/antifa. China is communist and they can't wrap their heads around that.
"For real. its 2019 and they are doing what the fuck they want to do. they dont care how they are looked at, China stealing IP needs to be stopped. "
"3500€ is not so much money ? 

His equipment he had on him while the attack was even worth more than that "
"Hell yeah, eat a dick you oversized Cheeto "
"I am an American and the fact that i STILL don’t know what this piece of shits name is or what his face looks like makes me smile. Well done so far media. 

That’s not to say they haven’t reported it before, but I haven’t seen a single America headline yet with his name in it or a picture of his face that isn’t blotted up. 

Also, obligatory FUCK THIS GUY! "
Look the budget was 8 million for renovations before the fire. Now the fire happen and now they get 800 million. You can predict who burn the church and where the rest of the money is heading. All roads lead to Rome.
When it comes to war there is no liberal media. Everyone is on the same page. Got to bomb the hell out of them and rake in those profits.
Youre in private mode? Cmon OP you couldnt have posted this on a  different website? No instead you gotta advertise your website with a stupid pay wall system to make me read the rest of the article? You can go fuck yourself OP
"6 corporate bankruptcies vs how many successful businesses?  Can you remind me what sex abuse he has been convicted for?  ""likely ties"" means no evidence or convictions either, right?

&#x200B;

I voted for Johnson, but I can think of a few more than those 3.

&#x200B;

how about the ""im sick and tired of career politicians that only pander and talk without executing"" 

or how about the ""I agree with many of his campaign promises and his position on xyz""

or maybe the ""we are sick with the democrats sliding further left and pushing socialism""

&#x200B;

Just a few to get you going."
"...You are completely wrong.

They consult here, Places we have fucked up, Places we are going to fuck up. They consult with our enemies and allies alike. 

Nothing wrong with that."
650 sober politicians don't know what the fuck it means either. Don't worry.
"Can someone ELI5 what in the biscuit loving fuck in going on in the UK?

Am Canadian and seems like nobody is at the wheel driving this flaming double Decker bus...."
"Absolutely true. Jew here. If you speak out against Israel, you will not be allowed to be president. If you're not running, then I guess we kill you?"
Juicy burn is more like it 
"I think it comes down to states and who's available. I know Wolf-Pac and Amend the fourth are both pretty big on local fronts; but are rarely in the news because they fight on convincing local representatives to support bills to get money out of politics. I know there are others; but it comes down to your state and what progressive organization you have in the area. Unfortunatley it comes down to personal research. However, with Our Revolution if they build the site up right to include all local progressive organizations things might be easier for people to hear about them. "
"they're a violent, backwards theocracy that does everything behind closed doors.  I think we'd all like a bit more distinction"
A study just came out that indicates the cure for aging is teenager blood transfusions. 
"Fuck the DNC and fuck Clinton. What a bunch of selfish, whiny losers. They don't give a shit about the country. All they care about is their own sorry asses and the big club of assholes they all built together."
"Just a reminder, /r/worldpolitics is one of the biggest subreddits pushing fake news on reddit so don't be surprised that the majority commentators here are upset their fake news agenda might be under attack.  "
Probably because it's ignorant as fuck
"I would give the benefit of the doubt in favor of a better future if I had absolutely no context or history about the situation in Venezuela.

This is not a revolution, it is a counter revolution.

I remember the car bomb that got Rafiq Hariri. It seemed rather suspicious, as Syria had the most to lose in doing it.

Lebanon and car bombs, huh."
"Who the fuck calls an Indian asian, jesus christ sensationalism. "
Holy fuck this is a lot comments almost copy/pasting the exactly same 2-3 things about headline /berniebros/fake news.
"How the fuck does this post have 11.2k upvotes, when everything else on this sub has like 12? Oh, that's right, Russian propaganda is a thing.."
"It's telling how the Trump lovers in this thread are choosing to attack Scarborough rather than defend Trump. I would say that it's because his behavior is indefensible, but these are Trump supporters we're talking about."
Nazis germany wasnt religious. Quit trying to rewrite history to fit your leftarded narrative you dumb fuck
"I haven’t seen evidence of that yet.  I’ll hold judgement until 2020.  So far, I’m pretty thrilled with his performance.  Yes, we have to deal with his YUGE ego and silly tweeting, but foreign-policy wise, he’s killing it.  Domestically, he’s killing it.  The only thing he needs is to get congress in line.  That’s why midterm elections are going to be so important for all sides.  The DNC needs to prevent Trump from getting a real majority and Trump needs to get more like-minded people in the GOP.  It’s why a lot of politicians will probably get beaten in the primaries.  "
"I, for one, am still waiting for this to trickle down. Any moment now. Boy, are you guys gonna have egg on your face when....fuck I gotta buy more ComcastCoins to finish gloating..."
Our entire communications network was built with tax money.  It was given to coms companies to manage and they just fuck us every month.  I seriously cant believe that the American public allows themselves to be abused like this....
"That's the same bullshit I got when I brought up I was a network engineer. 


What the Fuck are your credentials? Been a bitcoin investor since last month?"
"Socialize loses and privatize profits.

This is why these telecoms and cable companies love corporate welfare. Then they turn around and try to fuck over their customers with shenanigans like repealing net neutrality.

It's almost ironic how they pander to us when they want something, and then turn around and ignore our concerns when we want something."
"And indiewild broke the story!  This is it, this is how we get Bernie for president!

Come the fuck on. It's from 2015."
"I've always generally liked the Russian people, but not always their government. I  hope the same is felt towards the American people. There's a lot of great people there. There's a lot of great people here too.


When we stop being so tribalistic, and nationalistic then we can see each other as real people. We can overcome the hate.


That being said, I think real peace and friendship will require cutting out cancerous parts out of both our governments. And I see the only solution is for the people to stand up  to their governments and fight for change. We cannot fix your government, and you cannot fix ours. 

I wish us both the best. Things often get worse before they start to get better.
"
"Fuck yeah. We forget that ww2 was fought by many 18-30 year olds, and I don’t think this is any different. It’s just our war is a digital one, and we need to work together as responsible human beings to avoid another world war.

We need to take hold of this information war, and work together to eliminate propaganda so human beings have a clear view of the worlds political atmosphere.

We need to first be weary of our internal state sponsored media, most widespread propaganda is intended for its own citizens."
When does Israel get labeled a terrorist state?
Zionazis shoot innocent people all the time. It's pathetic 
"Because it was staged by Hamas, right? Just keep blaming the terrorists and dehumanizing the disenfranchised and you have all the propaganda you need to murder whoever you want. Fuck Netanyahu. Fuck the trump family. This whole thing is a disgrace. "
There should be a very real concern of the idea that Hamas is using Palestinian civilians blood to propagate global attention.
"Non sense. President Trump said israeli snipers do not shoot at protestors. On the off chance that they do, then the other side must have done something worse thus justifying the shooting. 

That canadian doctor must have held a knife near a soldier or something. You know how aggressive canadians are.  "
The person who shoots. Jesus fuck.
The timing of the murder here is convenient for Russia.
"I guess if you wanted to make Russia look bad, this would be an easy way to do it. You would have to want to win the US election really badly to kill somebody."
"Yes, definitely not the fault of the people who likely committed the murder, really the fault of the weaklings who didn’t stop it"
"If you support trump kill yourself, painfully "
"Here's a thought:  While YOU'RE rotting in Hell, why don't you fuck yourself in the meantime?  Heaven knows, no one else would want to touch that useless piece of crap dangling between your legs!!"
"Yes, Tibbetts is definitely the only victim of a crime committed by an illegal alien. Also, what literature do you personally use as reference when someone questions the efficacy of gun control? What specific policies do you want to see in relation to both immigration and gun control (as both where mentioned in your graphic)?"
"I would like immigration made easier and a path to citizenship based on how long you have been here undocumented.

I want universal background check (no, we don’t have them now), mental health flags, increased waiting periods for long guns especially for novices. I would a national database of gun violence. "
Have you ever bought a gun?  We have background checks.  End of story.
"FALSE.

We don’t have universal background checks.

Now we are at Stage 2 of Gun Humper Deflections: Lying.

"
"| ""Have you ever bought a gun? We have background checks. End of story.""

I said this a few minutes ago.  You argued but didnt answer my question.  Remember?  From earlier?"
"No, we don’t have universal background checks.

Privates sales including at gun shows by private dealers are not required to have background checks. 

Only federally licensed dealers.

Are you going to stop lying now? 

It shows how lame the gun humper argument is. "
"background checks are involved in approximately 60% of all gun sales, which makes them pretty ineffective. And even when they do occur, they still have zero influence on a firearm purchased as a gift for someone else."
"Ok.  How do you make ""universal"" background checks happen??  

How do private gun owners do background checks on other private citizens?

How do you make it mandatory""

How do you enforce it?

How do you monitor it?

"
"Why fuck does a person is allow to buy unlimited amount of guns. I seen on the news arrested a guy for something else, but he had like 60 or more guns.....  He didn't even have any of guns locked in a safe. It was just hoarded all over his house.  Shouldn't we pass laws to allow only one gun per person?  Every fucking mass shooting you hear the gun was stolen. Like can you please fine these people for not locking away there gun in a safe? WTF is lazy piece of shit congress doing?"
"Muslim man teaches children how to shoot AK-47s should’ve hospitals and schools Democrats nothing

 white guy kills people with gun change gun laws!"
"Is this what reddit calles a ""whataboutism""?

She should donate all that money to a charity that helps women of sexual abuse"
"Fuck one person on vote. What do we have? A government by the people, for the people? Yeah right! Shut up libtard./s"
But muh blah blah blah.  People like yourself have no real defense to anything because you're always wrong so you attack.  Enjoy the party for the next 6 years.  I know I will be.
"You, an intellectual: Robert Mueller is a liar.

Any sane person: Prove it.

You, still an intellectual: PeOpLe lIkE YoU AlWaYs aTtAcK!!"
Fuck this sub. Islamic mod cucks 
"""You don't understand, there will never be one single piece that takes him down... it's the sheer volume of accusations that is the smoking gun! It's a jigsaw puzzle wrapped in a mosaic wrapped in a tapestry, and anyone who disagrees is a Russian!"""
"I said helping, you dumb fuck... "
This lady is stupid as fuck if you research half the shit that comes out of her mouth 
"hahaha, i'm sure you're a really tough, brave person IRL. Why would I? So you can try and ruin my life cause you're a pathetic excuse for a person? Cause you're a disappointment to your parents and this is how you find joy? Why the fuck would I do anything some pitiful little faggot like you tells me to do?"
"He's not a lefty..facts have a ""leftist"" bias in the current version of America. More Republicans believe Trump though than the press despite Trump's constant provable lies. Wake the fuck up. "
Fuck this libtard page all it does is complaining about Trump and not actual world politics
"First of all, there is no way that a President should be criticizing any journalist by name. That’s patently unconstitutional. Second, criticism from Trump about anybody is literally a target on their back, because his base are such lunatics that they will dox, threaten, and attack people on Trump’s word. The only thing gross about this is how long it took someone on Fox News to realize what was happening to journalists."
Jesus fuck fox is dumb
"Good luck living in abject poverty once you kill the smartest, most innovative."
That's what you implied. Fuck off with your rhetoric. It's very obvious and nobody wants to entertain dishonest argument.
"And democrats don’t work with big pharma, military contractors, Wall Street, banks, and the rest of the top 1%, right. This “political” cartoon is just a distraction to keep us divided. Wake the fuck up, morons. "
"One thing I think a lot of people in the US seem fearful of is compulsory public health care, which to my understanding is how it works in Canada. In most countries I believe there exists a private system alongside the public one. The great advantage (as an end user) in that situation is that the private system competes with a free one, so ends up more affordable and effective. Of course this is bad for the private business as they are effectively against a state sponsored pseudo-monopoly. But honestly fuck the business if they are against something that provides care for all."
"As soon as people stop picking sides like democrat and republican (a manufactured spectrum akin to Vikings vs packers) maybe we can actually solve some issues.

We need to look at things from a humanistic perspective; not political or religious.

Pissing contest day in and day out. Shoot me. "
"How many years of GOP led investigations that came up with nothing? How many, fuck face? "
Nice “attack on the judiciary”
Is the definition of communion propoganda? You've been subverted by the property owning class to fight against your own class interest. Read a book gain some class-consciouness.
Oh man that’s a murder if I’ve ever seen one
"People don’t need religion or churches to be good, and we certainly don’t need to donate money to some shitty old ass church, fuck your stained glass."
"Yeah ok, shut the fuck up bitch. It’s Bernie or Bust 100% nobody is voting for Biden, now get the fuck out of here you cunt"
"Fuck bands, all good music is made on a laptop"
"shut the fuck up, you are making an embarassment to leftist politics, please think before you post."
"I think it is because slitting a throat or beheading someone is equally vicious and rising to the level of animalistic. Minimizing it or trying not to compare this to something the enemy does is wrong on the surface. No one should be doing this. Regardless of what the enemy does. 

And, most importantly, we are the US. We are better than this. We lead the world by example. Or at least, that’s what we claim."
"Yea, we kill like how good guys kill, not the bad guys!

And you all think people who joined the military bought the propaganda."
"For every action, there is a reaction. This is simple law that is true for physics and also true for humans. If you invade a country, torture it's people and rape men and women and murder their kids and destroy their places of worship, they won't give you back flowers. 

These war crimes fuel terrorism and they are the biggest contributors to it. This is how ISIS manage to gather people through media. ""See the west how they are killing Muslims and commiting ugly crimes against Muslims... etc"" Angry and misguided youth will react and joint ISIS. 

The fastest way to end terrorism is to stop the ugly war crimes, which should be called by it's name organized terrorism."
"People need to actually read into this instead of reading a headline and automatically assuming this guy is a “ psychopath murderer”. There is absolutely zero evidence any of this actually happened besides hear say talk. So with this logic, if someone comes up to you and tells you that you murdered someone, you’re automatically a murderer even though there is absolutely zero evidence proving that you did it. Ever heard of “innocent until proven guilty”? I’d advise people to actually look into this story before throwing out all these wild accusations."
"Who’s fault would that be then? It is a vicious circle but they are always instigators. Who is colonising who? Who is invading who? Seems a simple answer really.

Look at the latest circle of violence, white supremacists seem to be often at the starting point"
"Lol common sense? Yeah fuck universal healthcare, and let's help bloody dictatorships around the world. 
Hillary was a joke and there is a reason she lost."
When are people going to learn this climate change shit is bullshit and just a tax grab. Fuck the climate our economy matter more than a few trees and birds
"Right.  Cause Warren Buffett, Michael Bloomberg and other real billionaires are constantly accused of sexual assault.  This is pathetic apologism for a known philanderer, creep and liar."
"This aged well, didn't it? 

You actually believed the words of the woman who said,""Rape is sexy""

Round of applause for the gullible ones who destroy the dialogue, day after day.

This is why everyone hates r/WorldPolitics"
"I couldn’t care less how many degrees she has. Those are overshadowed by the fake border photo shoot, the “world is going to end in 12 years,” the “climate change is our WWII,” the 25,000 jobs she took away from New York when she denied Amazon, and of course the “Green New Deal”"
You’re an idiot. None of what you said is factual. Shut the fuck up you ignorant degenerate!
"For fuck's sake where's 'Muricas freedom guarding forces when they're needed?

Wasting their time in the Persian Gulf in a dick measuring contest with Iran when there's an actual democracy being threatened.

I'd say Chinas ""dynastic cycle"" is up and it's due time for China to break up into smaller squabbling states..."
Good luck trying to get this information distributed through reddit. Reddit admins are sucking China’s cock atm
Someone needs to fuck reddit and post this on something that gains more attention. This is getting crazier crazier.
"What difference does that make? They used guns and it was a mass shooting. If they didn’t have access to the gun, it wouldn’t have been a mass shooting."
And that is good. My case is too that you need a permit. It's ridiculous if anyone can own a gun. Not everyone can drive a car.
At least in Minnesota you need a permit to purchase a handgun or a semi auto rifle. Shotguns and single action rifles can be purchased without one but you still have to pass a background check
"If I recall correctly, they had just lost a class action suit to the employees over sexual harassment at the plant. Then the raid happened a few days later. Quite the coincidence, don't ya think?"
You can keep arguing for an actual terrorist organization that only promotes firearm ownership for profits. Only a fool would believe that they proudly defend the 2nd amendment with nothing else to gain. The NRA is a terrorist group and so is the Republican party.
Its a tweet about politics. Report it and have it removed or eat a dick.
"Heavy metal also encourges hate, but it doesn't cause violence. The problem isn't with the words, but the people interpreting it. If everybody had a right mind and don't attack people just because someone told us to, then we wouldn't have a problem."
Interesting how most of all the violence is coming from the left.  I guess he didn't have enough room for that.
I got banned for subbing to T_D so fuck you m8 ill fawkin knock ya upside the head if ya wanna talk a da trash
"People in Hong Kong must decide if they are going to continue with it, if they are they start protecting each other, that means living the ""peaceful protest"" as soon as the police/military or anyone start violence against the peaceful protesters.

If not, better start saving for moving to another country as soon as possible or face the ""reeducation camps"", if you get that far.

&#x200B;

The world governments will talk, criticize, say they will apply economic sanctions but they will do nothing to stop another Massacre simply because they have nothing to gain from it, China controls the economy, producing almost everything in Chinese soil.

As for ""the well meaning foreigners"", most of them will change their tune if the iPhone prices start rising."
